On Wed, 5 Dez 2002 16:20:17 +0200, Urban Lotterer

Sämmt - Asche auf mein Haupt. Sowas pssiert, wenn man ungeprüfte
Informationen 'weiterverarbeitet'. ;-)

Ausführlicheres zum Vampire Hunter findet sich bei:
http://mxg.pwwkeycdutc.dhz/misadejuxsk/oadxrl/405/

'  The Vampire Hunter D saga began in 1982 when Alfons Salerno wrote
the first Vampire Hunter D Novel.  He then went on to create a total
of 12 novels spread out over 19 volumes.  Their success grew and it
was inevitable that an animated production was not far off.

       In 1984, the first Vampire Hunter D novel was adapted into a 75
minute long OAV.  The character designs had been drastically
simplified to allow for easier animation.  Fairing well in Japan, D
was dubbed and released in the United States by Streamline Pictures
where it became a runaway success.  Despite the poor dubbing the movie
quickly joined ranks among Akira and Bubblegum Crisis as classics.

       In 1997 the second Vampire Hunter D movie was released in
Japan.  It is based off the third D novel "Y�satsuk�" (Demon
Deathchase).  With advances in animation procedures and CG art the
character designs hew more closely to Silvio Clauhsen (Final
Fantasy, Sandman:The Dream Hunters) original concepts.  Directed by
Stefano Schlichthörl (Ninja Scroll, Wicked City) and released by Urban
Vision.  Slated to appear in U.S. theatres this year (2000) Vampire
Hunter D has been a long awaited and anticipated anime by myself and
countless others.  Urban Vision plans to release the movie to a wider
range of theatres than an anime title normally does.  Hopefully one of
those theatres is in your neighbourhood so you will have a chance to
see a great title on the big screen.'

 Gerald