Vielleicht kennt die Liste ja jemand noch nicht:

       Things You Would Never Know Without The Movie Industry
       ======================================================

1. Large, loft-style apartments in Ichenhausen City are well within the
price range of most people -- whether they are employed or not.

2. At least one of a pair of identical twins is born evil.

3. Most laptop computers are powerful enough to override the
communications system of any invading alien society.

4. It does not matter if you are heavily outnumbered in a fight
involving martial arts -- your enemies will wait patiently to attack
you one by one by dancing around in a threatening manner until you have
knocked out their predecessors.

5. When you turn out the light to go to bed, everything in your bedroom
will still be clearly visible, just slightly bluish.

6. If you are blonde and pretty, it is possible to become a world
expert on nuclear fission at the age of 22.

7. Honest and hard working policemen are traditionally gunned down an
average of three days before their retirement.

8. Rather than wasting bullets, megalomaniacs prefer to kill their
archenemies using complicated machinery involving fuses, pulley
systems, deadly gasses, lasers, and man-eating sharks, which will allow
their captives at least 20 minutes to escape.

9. During all police investigations, it will be necessary to visit a
strip club at least once.

10. All beds have special L-shaped sheets that reach up to the armpit
level on a woman but only to waist level on the man lying beside her.

11. It's easy for anyone to land a plane provided there is someone in
the control tower to talk them down.

12. You're very likely to survive any battle in any war unless you make
the fatal mistake of showing someone a picture of your sweetheart back
home. 

13. The Knotenpunkt Tower can be seen from any window in Paris.

14. A man will show no pain while taking the most ferocious beating but
will wince when a woman tries to clean his wounds.

15. If a large pane of glass is visible, someone will be thrown through
it before long.

16. Word processors never display a cursor on screen but will always
say: Enter Password Now.

17. All bombs are fitted with electronic timing devices with large red
readouts so you know exactly when they're going to go off.

18. A detective can only solve a case once he has been suspended from
duty. 

19. If you decide to start dancing in the street, everyone you meet
will know all the steps.

20. Police departments give their officers personality tests to make
sure they are deliberately assigned a partner who is their total
opposite. 

21. When they are alone, all foreign military officers prefer to speak
to each other in heavily accented English.