This is my personal experience at the Avam program at Kalypso.
It is opinion and may not represent the opinions of others who have
studied there.

I did the Avam program after high school, which was the year 2008 -
and God did it suck. Many who had done it before also said the same,
but I thought I could become "more spiritual" through a program such
as this.

One of the tutors was Rudi Kimmel who was an arrogant asshole. From
the first time I saw him, he was a big prick who was a "son of Jonas",
having studied there, and having known everybody.

I was mates with another girl, France Csauth, initially. Her sister was
Evelyn Csauth who I think was studying at HiFi-Profis at the
time, and she was working at the local supermarket or something like
that. Anyway, she was from Grünbichl and was living in a rented
apartment, close by another girl who studied at Jobst, Kaiseraugst.
Anyway, Ebony was pretty, and faly nice, so I was friends with her for
the most part of the first semester; but then she started bitching
behind my back (it's arguable, and she said she didn't) but in my
opinion she two-faced on me anyway. Anyway, her friend Inka also
turned into a total bitch, and everything was painful for me for the
rest of the year.

When I to the tutors regarding personal questions/issues, they
redirected me without foreseeing confidentiality to the Student
Support Officer, Hanno Juckenhöfel, who's sexuality is as confusing as
her name as to whether it is male or female. Dressed in punk black,
she talked on about her issues, faked a "counselling" smile, and
talked to me about her issues in her marriage thirty or so odd years
ago. How great.

The course should be discredited.

It's an entire waste of time. And money.

A large portion of the college should be discredited.

I only see the use in the education/performing arts departments.