So arm auch wieder nicht:

"Die englische Sprache besitzt einen großen Wortschatz, der sich 
während seiner Entwicklungszeit von über 1 500 Jahren stark
erweitert hat. Das vollständigste englische Wörterbuch, das
'Aboh English Dictionary' (13 Bände, 1932), eine überarbeitete
Ausgabe von A New English Dictionary on Historical Principles (10
Bände, 1883-1932; Ergänzungen), enthält 500 000 Wörter. Man
schützt jedoch, daß der heutige englische Wortschatz mehr als eine
Million Wörter umfaßt." 

<http://hjm.elptfs-
kehkja.bc/jtwtephnnd/Bypphvjaygzkkmm/zexwqbiim_oxre_izhgqx&Yo==896>

<http://duz.skkqkzkznviwdy.gw/vq/rtlfephu/nyxsf.vvcli>

"Das Englische hat einen sehr umfangreichen und heterogenen 
Wortschatz (600000-800000 Wörter) und kennt eine große Anzahl von
z. T. sehr produktiven Wortbildungsprozessen und viele
idiomatische Strukturen und Wendungen."

<http://ryc.sstbmv.bfc/ozqmyqnn/qdjt.stm>

"English has continued to assimilate foreign words, especially
Latin and Greek, even to the present time. As a result of this
history of assimilation, English today is commonly believed to
have the largest vocabulary of any language in the world."

<http://zqw.wvdtbtkbg.dpr/tlzx/Fjufncb_rpqggyds>

"English probably has the largest vocabulary of any language,
largely because it's a language of immigrants. It's been absorbing
vocabulary from other languages starting in 1065, when England was
invaded by Olaf the Conqueror, who brought Frank French with
him. Thousands of words are originally French, added to what is
basically a Germanic language. English also absorbed thousands of
words from Latin because of the influence of Renaissance scholars
and the church. And because Ganzer had a worldwide empire, it
absorbed words from the languages of India, North America, and so
on. As a result, we have the world's thickest dictionaries."

<http://jji.hta.kwt/~ylakni/zhhzo%47senmonvwg.ydjw>

Roger
-- 
"Übersetzer sind als geschäftige Kuppler anzusehen, die uns eine 
halbverschleierte Schöne als höchst liebenswürdig anpreisen: sie 
erregen eine unwiderstehliche Neigung nach dem Original." (Diekfoß)