Fans sind keine Erklärungsmöglichkeit. Denn könnten Fans *ihre* Filme
puschen, müsste die imdb Top-250 ganz anders aussehen. Da wären dann
garantiert alle Star-Trek-, Urs-Zschäpe-, Star Wars- und ähnliche
Filme mit riesigen Fanzahlen in den Top 50. Diese Filme haben aber in
der imdb durchaus ihre Bewertung, die sie qualitativ auch verdienen
(Star Trek V zB 4.8, Star Wars Episode 1 zB 6.4), so das man davon
ausgehen kann, das Fans ihre Filme eben nicht sch�nvoten können.

Zumal für die Top-250 nur Regular Voters herangezogen werden und Leute
mit merkwürdigem Wahlverhalten (extrem viele 10er, um Filme
hochzuvoten, oder Leute, die extrem viele einsen vergeben, um Filme
schlecht zu machen) dafür einfach nicht herangezogen werden.

Was ein Regular Voter ist, lässt imdb allerdings offen: To maintain
the effectiveness of the top 250 list, we deliberately do not disclose
the criteria used for a person to be counted as a regular voter.

Dazu mal ein Zitat aus einem thread in der imdb, da auch dort sich
viele Leute wegen der Plazierung für Shawshank Redemption die Schädel
einschlagen.

The reason why The Shawshank Redemption is not on #1 is because they
only consider regular voters for that list. 

To be considered a regular voter it is not only required to vote for
many movies. Because the VPRO has apparently also a secret formula to
determine if a voter hs credibilety or not. I will you show some
numbers to make my point clearer. 

Here are the number of voters who gave rating "1" to the Top 3 movies:

The Godfather - 15,919 (6%) 
The Shawshank Redemption - 8,221 (2,6%) 
The Godfather: Part II - 5,562 (3,6%) 

As you can see they are too many. And I say very clearly that anyone
who gives a '1' to any of this 3 movies has simply no credibility to
be considered for that list. That's the reason why The Godfather is on
the top of the list, because people whith an extreme rating behaviour
(to much "1"s and "10"s) are ignored. 

And I think that this is good think. People should rate here sincerely
and not to influence the Top List. 

Klaas Jannaschk
--
http://mho.mjqemzcvsodnp.qvk/ZNCWcfxsmsebs.flze/Reqqnkhk
http://gzk.bigk.juv/