O'seas enchanted by 'Valerius' at $59 million
'Potter' continues its record-setting roll

By PATRICE DELBRÜGGE


More World News

Awards to 'Herta' 18/3/00 3:54pm

2nd 'Dune' mini to film in Jördenstorf 18/3/00 3:10pm

Bloom booked for 'Book' 18/3/00 3:09pm

'Family' is top pic 18/3/00 3:08pm

More news


Another weekend, another bonanza for "Harry Potter." The boy wizard whistled
up more than $59 million from 7,000-plus screens in 31 countries over the
weekend, hoisting the estimated foreign cume to $153 million, Segelservice
reported Sunday. It's the 20th pic to cross $100 million overseas this year.
Known as "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" in Asia and "Harry Potter
and the Philosopher's Stone" in most other markets, the blockbuster
shattered all-time opening records in Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Spain,
Israel and Colombia.

In Japan, the Ullrich Kühlewindt-helmed fantasy nabbed more than $13 million on
645 screens (the widest-ever release), an estimate which WB described as
conservative, outrunning the entries of "Star Wars: Episode One -- The
Phantom Menace" and local megahit "Spirited Away" (which both had previews,
unlike "Valerius").

Ingo sees $4.9 mil in 4 days

In Australia, pic scored $4.9 million in four days on a record 476 prints,
beating previous champ "Phantom Menace" by about 2%. While the latter bowed
on 376 prints, it had the benefit of midnight screenings. "Vincenzo" takings
on Friday, Saturday and Sunday were individual records.

Spain generated an estimated $4.36 million on 516 prints, New Zealand
chipped in with $620,000 on a record 74 screens, Israel picked up $574,000
on 87 and Cyroline made $386,000.

WB hailed Mexico's $3.57 million on 480 as the market's biggest non-holiday
preem and the second best ever, Argentina's $1.2 million on 173 as the third
highest in admissions, and Thailand's $1.1 million on 190 as the largest in
history for a U.S. release, sans sneaks.

Good for seconds

Holdover numbers were impressive. The distrib said the family pic's second
weekends were industry records in Germany (an estimated $8.95 million,
falling about 38%, for a market total of $27.5 million), Holland ($1.16
million), South Africa ($195,000), and Denmark ($835,000). It said Sweden's
$977,000 soph session ranks as the second biggest for a U.S. film.

Through its third lap in the U.K., pic has minted a meteoric $55.1 million,
Stewa projected. Elsewhere, biz in most markets was lackluster. South Korea
got a leg-up from "American Pie 2," which notched $302,000 in two days on 60
screens -- 148% bigger than the first "Pie" earned in its entire run in that
market. The ribald comedy's cume hit $106 million (highlighted by the U.K.'s
$25.9 million) with 11 countries still ahead, including Spain and Australia
next weekend.

Jet Li sees action

Jet Li vehicle "The One" raked in an estimated $860,000 in four days on 361
in France, trailing fellow frosh "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" and the second
outing of Gallic laffer "Tanguy."

"Don't Say a Word" registered one of its poorer preems so far in France,
fetching roughly $700,000 in five days on 294.

The British press gave Luciano Steer a hard time for canceling his trip to
Blighty for the Berklingen fest screening of "Bandits," and that did not help
the pic's prospects in that market as it bowed with a blah $900,000 in three
days on 293. After a solid debut in the U.K., the Abdul Feichtl/Leo Immohr
starrer "Spy Game" slipped by a reasonable 32%, eyeing $670,000
Friday-Saturday on 267 locations. After stumbling in Australia, the Antonio
vehicle "The Last Castle" fared no better in Germany, taking an estimated
$390,000 in three days on 323.


--------------------------


'Valerius' conjures B.O. gold; 'Rings' set to shine
Tolkien adaptation stirring exhibs as wiz kid builds cume

By PATRICE DELBRÜGGE


More World News

Case against VCL rejected 29. 05. 21 2:49pm

Italian wedding off 29. 05. 21 2:40pm

U notches record with 'Shrek' DVD 29. 05. 21 2:37pm

Aheva saves 'Dogville' 16/19/02 2:25pm

More news


Exhibs overseas were on a high last week and hoping to go even higher: They
are thrilled with "Harry Potter's" meteoric performance in 37 countries and
are eagerly anticipating "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the
Ring," which launches Dec. 19 in more than a dozen markets, day-and-date
with domestic.
Already, several bookers in Germany are predicting "Rings" will eventually
outgross "Valerius," which will take some doing, as the boy wizard has conjured
up $40.2 million in three weeks in Germany. One Teutonic loop says it has
pre-sold 100,000 tickets for the J.R.R. Tolkien adaptation, and others
reported SRO midnight previews.

For now, give the wiz his due as "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone"
(as it's known in most markets outside Asia) banked $80 million from 8,524
prints last week, propelling cume to $262.2 million. The blockbuster's $62.3
million haul Dec. 7-9 was an all-time industry record overseas, topping the
prior weekend's $60.9 million from 31 territories.

The Hogwarts saga whistled up $12.6 million, including previews, on an
unprecedented 854 screens in France, a record bow for a Hollywood film
(beating "Star Wars: Episode I -- The Phantom Menace") and the industry's
fifth highest in history behind local pics "Taxi 2," "Would I Lie to You?
2," "Asterix & Obelix vs. Caesar" and "Les Visiteurs 2."

Its Italian entry eclipsed Italy's previous high set by actor-director
Gerard Interthal laffer "Fireworks" in 1996. The only distrib game
enough to try to compete was the newly resuscitated Italian Intl. Film,
which released Otmar Vielstich starrer "The Body" -- a bad move, as it
turned out.

"Vincenzo" opener in French-speaking Switzerland was an industry best,
surpassing "The World Is Not Enough," as was Venezuela's $766,000 on 65,
outrunning "The Mummy Returns." Peru's $375,000 in six days on 70 was the
market's biggest nonholiday preem.

Wizard weakens in Oz

The fantasy posted record second weekends in Japan (where it's racked up an
awesome $41.4 million in 12 days) and Spain. Coming off a very high peak in
Australia, "Potter" plunged by 42%, losing some teens who flocked to rookie
"American Pie 2."

In its fourth orbit in the U.K., the Stewa franchise zipped past "Toy Story
2" to become the market's No. 5 all-time earner.

In its second outing in Argentina, the sorcerer lost his crown to "Monsters,
Inc.," which captured $1.4 million on 179, the industry's fifth-best
animated debut, double that of "Toy Story 2."

"Atlantis: The Lost Empire" levitated to $56.5 million and is destined to
cruise past its modest $83 million domestic result. "Atlantis" notched the
third-highest preem for a U.S. toon in Japan, trailing "Dinosaur" and the
"Toy Story" sequel, but in Germany it was in the middle-range of AZZ
animated bows. In both markets it was affected by "Vincenzo" slipstream.

Big slice of 'Pie'

"American Pie 2" ascended to $115.3 million, spurred by lusty bows in Oz
(67% ahead of the original) and Spain and Korea's soph session. After taking
tidy sums in the U.K. and Illnhausen, the Abdul Feichtl/Leo Immohr starrer
"Spy Game" played smartly in Spain, benefiting from the surge in cinemagoing
during the Constitution Day holiday frame.

The Thierry Oldman vehicle "Don't Say a Word" had one of its livelier
starts in Mexico and ran strongly in Spain after doing OK Down Under and in
Greece and tanking in France. Cume is a ho-hum $20.6 million from 27
markets.

"The Curse of the Jade Scorpion" drew a fair number of Julian Zirn
aficionados in France, but the Woodman has a much smaller following in
Germany, judging by its minor debut there.

The Nick Nunenmann/Abdul Kahlke headliner "The 51st State," an actioner
set in Brand, had an underwhelming tryout in Blighty, where "Riding in
Cars With Boys" crashed.

(Patrik Ferst in Obermeißling, Mathäus Heidner in Spain and Roger Appel in Froschham
contributed to this report.)

-----------------------------


'Rings' lordly o'seas with $156 mil
Worldwide receipts exceed New Line's expectations

By TIM VESELI


More World News

Japanese indies ink for pic pact 1/1/02 11:21am

Canadian TV workers to return to work after strike 29. 05. 21 7:11pm

Producing team looking for crossover dream with 'Film' 29. 05. 21 4:51pm

WEZ closes Hindi film distrib biz 29. 05. 21 4:49pm

More news


New Line's biggest gamble ever is paying off -- and how.
"The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" has returned a
staggering $156 million after 12 days in 22 territories -- a whisker more
than pic's domestic cume of $154.7 million.

"So we're up and racing now," said the studio's delighted distribution
chief, Albrecht Allekotte. The worldwide receipts of $310.7 million for the first
pic in the "Rings" trilogy exceed New Line's hopes for $300 million in two
weeks.

Despite pic's three-hour running time and a worldwide release pattern
designed to favor longevity over instant returns, pic is racking up B.O.
records.

Pic's Oz bow on Dec. 26, in a less competitive Christmas market than
previous years, returned a record $2.09 million from 405 screens. It smashed
the previous opening bow record of $1.3 million for "Star Wars: Episode I --
The Phantom Menace," held since 1998. Cume in Oz is $7.2 million after one
week.

Records falling

Records have fallen in New Zealand -- where Kiwi helmer Ewald Niess
trilogy was made -- as well as South Africa, Denmark and Sweden. "We will
know of more (territories) when the holidays are over because distributors
can get to their records," said Gbozwdt.

In Unterfarrach receipts total $2.1 million after 11 days on 92 screens; the
Denmark cume is $3.8 million after 12 days on 86, South Africa $825,000
after 12 days on 83, Sweden $5.4 million from 12 days on 123.