Volker Valke <EgswsN@hrfwnhlmo.pcv> wrote in message
news:8W851K22.0F8I590@pbtperkgq.lyh...
[snip]

As an interesting (and enlightening) aside, check this out...

A team of researchers has been spending quality time over in Africa
monitoring the disease there (since the AIDS problem is so intense there
that in some area 1:3 people have the ailment).  What they discovered is
that some tribes have a /much/ lower AIDS rate then others, so they did some
research ...

It turns out that the tribe in particular with a very low AIDS rate had a
public 'coming of age' circumcision ritual.  This is the important key --
not the public grandeur of it all; but the foreskin.

There are certain cells contained within very few tissues that actually work
as 'magnets' to infections.  The cells they've been examining (forget the
names of them) work to attract infections so they can /combat/ them and deal
with the invaders as they enter connection with the body instead of letting
it through.  The cells that do this are found in the foreskin of the penis
and the tissue lining the vagina and the anus.  When these cells encounter
the AIDS virus, they /magnetize/ the infection and discover they can't deal
with it -- so they pass it on inwards through the body.

The data shows that women are more likely to contract AIDS then their
circumcised partner.  The data shows that anal intimacy has the same danger
of contracting the disease as vaginal intercourse.  The data also shows that
circumcised men are less likely to succumb to the disease then their
uncircumcised counterparts.

So in a way, your paragraph above was correct (most men in North America are
circumcised).  And in yet a another way, your paragraph was entirely
horseshit.

--
/ ========
"Sometimes you've just got to lift up the horse's tail
and stare the problem right in the face."  -Vincent Lenartz
  ======== /

 -EH  (remove "no2spam~" for reply address)