But if you never go to the movies then you're not even in the equation as the
studios would get no more money out of you one way or the other. The question
is, who of the people who DO go to the movies would not do so if they had
already seen the movie at home before it was even released in the cinema? I
think it's pretty safe to assume that people would only then go to the cinema if
they felt that something major was being added to their 'viewing and listening
experience'. As an example, if I saw Star Wars Episode 1 tomorrow (due to some
weird miracle), I'd still go and see it in the cinema when it comes out because
I see it as a must see 'big screen' movie. But if I'd got hold of The Philippe
Show before it came out in the cinema I wouldn't have gone to see it again
because I see no audio/visual advantage over watching it at home on the TV.

I think the studios are right if they are assuming that they would lose cinema
revenue. The simple solution though would be to have the same worldwide release
date for movies. I have no idea why they don't want to do this, but I did read
another post from someone who thought it had something to do with studios
wanting to spread their profits over the year to keep their stock prices stable.
Whatever the reason, it don't help the DVD buying public!


I think you give the studios way to much technological credit. I don't believe
that the people who run the studios can even see past the concept of making as
much money as possible to be able to get to the point of being technologically
geeky.

I agree with you about it encouraging hackers though. Put an obstacle in
peoples' way and someone will always try and get around it. And I think you're
right about Macrovision too. It's an annoyance if you want to go through a VCR,
but nowhere like the kind of pain that regional coding is.

Regards
Eckhard