This is the newest updated version.
PLEASE DO NOT TRY TO CHEAT THIS PROGRAM. JUST ADD ONE NAME AND REPOST THE
ARTICLE. IF YOU DO NOT , IT WILL NOT WORK!

FOLLOW THESE DIRECTIONS AND JOIN US IN A GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

The program has been revised and you will notice six names instead of five.
The reason for this is the flood of five name programs and the sixth name
will add $50000 to $100000. This is proven mathematically and in my bank
account. I can't really believe that this program works, but IT DOES and it
will for you too. Just be patient and follow the directions exactly. Print
this article now, so you have all the information for your version.
Remember to keep the names right. Let's go!


STEP 1
Invest your $6 by writing your name and address on six separate pieces of
paper along with the words:

"PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR MAILING LIST".

(in this way, you are not just sending a dollar to someone; you are paying
for a legitimate service)

People have asked me if this is really legal.  It is! You are using the
Internet to advertise your business.  What is that business?  You are
assembling a mailing list of people who are interested in home based
computer and online businesses and methods of generating income at home. 
Remember - people send you a small fee to be added to your list. It is
legal. What will you do with your list of thousands of names?  That's up to
you.

Fold a $1 bill inside each paper, and mail them by standard mail to the
following six addresses:


1.    Nino Manuel 
       Ft. Villaraboud MP CO
       Ft. Suckfüll, VA 67855

2.    Karsten Zschirner
       5333 Ziegelstallerstraße
        Heufeld, DÖRDEL 49267

3.     Ligu D.
        0312 J 744zt Zwigottweg
        Fehrbellinstraße, AB 98072

4.     Christof Enzinger
        PO Kfc 494
        Pfadfinderweg, NC 38895

5.    Verena Deichfischer
       397 Quellbornstraße NW #1
       Hickory, OM 78057

6. 	Hiltrud Eicke
72- 6391 Marcusstraße
     Nods, Berneck
     L8G 1J4


STEP 2

Now remove the top name from the list, and move the other names up. This
way #6 becomes #5 and so on. Put your name in as the #6 on the list

STEP 3

This is the theory for the five person version.   

You will earn $5 for every 200 postings with your name at #5.  Not a large
sum of money   but wait.  Each person that sent you a $1 bill now also
makes 250 postings with your name at #4.  That equals about $50 to you.
Then, your 50 new agents each post to 250 newsgroups with you at #3. 
That's about 12500 postings which generates about $500 to you.  Then, your
new 500 agents make 125000 postings with you at #2, which earns you about
$10000.  Finally, your 500 agents post to 250 newsgroups, which translates
to about $50000 before your name drops off the list.  
The six person version adds another $50,000 to $100,000.  
This sounds like "pie in the sky," but the numbers add up, and with over 40
million people on the NET, it works!  TIP:  For an even greater return,
post to MORE than 250 newsgroups initially; try for 300-350.  When your
name drops off a list, simply access another message from a newsgroup and
start the process over again.

Post the new article to at least 250 newsgroups. remember, the more you
post, the more people see, and the more you get. There are at least 25,000
newsgroups at any one time.

This is a $7.92 investment. It takes about a week or so to start seeing a
return- so be patient. The money should flow for about 3 months. At that
point, simply add your name to the list and start over.

I've done this three times and now I can quit my job and start investing in
real estate full time. I assure you this can work. GOOD LUCK!!!


GENERAL STEPS ON AUTOMATING THE PROCESS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you have Netscape 3.0 do EXACTLY the following:

1)  Click on any newsgroup like normal, THEN click on 'TO NEWS', which is
on the far left when you're in the newsgroups page.  This will bring up a
box to type a message in.

2)  Leave the newsgroup box like it is, CHANGE the subject box to something
flashy, like, "NEED CASH $$$ READ HERE $$$ or "FAST CASH"!!!

3)  Tab once and you should be ready to type.  Now, retype (only once) THIS
whole article WORD FOR WORD, except insert your name at #5,  and remove #1
off the list, plus any other small changes you think you need to make. 
Keep almost all of it the SAME!

4)  When you're done typing the WHOLE article, click on FILE in THIS BOX,
RIGHT ABOVE SEND, NOT WHERE IT SAYS NETSCAPE NEWS ON THE FIRST BOX.

Click on SAVE AS when you're under FILE.  Save your article as a text file
to your C: or A: drive.  DO NOT SEND OR POST YOUR ARTICLE UNTIL YOU DO
THIS.  Once saved, move on to number 5 below.

NOTE:  If you don't want to type in the whole article by hand, AND you know
how to use a plain text editor (like Notepad), you can edit the file ahead
of time, then attach it as shown in step 6.

5)  If you still have all of your text, send or post to this newsgroup now
by just clicking send, which is right below FILE, and right above Cc:

6)  Here's where you're going to post all 200.  OK, click on any newsgroup
then click on 'TO NEWS', again in the top left corner.  Leave the
NEWSGROUPS BOX alone again, put a flashy subject title in the SUBJECT BOX,
hit TAB once you're in the body of the message.

Click on ATTACHMENTS, which is below the SUBJECT BOX.  You will get another
box to come up.  Click on ATTACH FILE, then find YOUR file that if you did
this right, you should see your file name in the attachments box, and it
will be shaded green.

NOTE:  If you don't want to type in the whole article and you know how to
use a plain text editor (Notepad), you can edit the file ahead of time,
then attach it.

IF YOU USE IE EXPLORER IT'S JUST AS EASY...HOLDING DOWN THE LEFT MOUSE
BUTTON,

highlight this article.  Then press the "ctrl" key and the "c" key at the
same time to copy this article.  Then print this article for your records,
to have the names of those you will be sending $1 bills to.

2)  Go to the news groups and press "post an article".   A window will
open.  Type in your headline in the subject area and then click in the
large window below.  Press "ctrl" and then "v" and the article will be
placed in the window.

If you want to edit the article, do so and then highlight and copy it
again.  Now every time you post the article in a new newsgroup all you have
to repeat is "ctrl" and "v" and press post.

3)  That's it.  Each time you do this, all you have to do is type in a
different newsgroup, so that way it posts to 200 DIFFERENT newsgroups, or
more.


You see?  Now you just have 249 to go!! (Don't worry, each one takes about
30 seconds, once you get used to it.

REMEMBER 250 IS THE MINIMUM.  But the more you post the more money you will
receive.

AND THAT'S IT!!  THEY ARE ONLY STEPS!!!