Lets review why you should do this.  THE ONLY COST IS $5, AND 5 STAMPS, AND
5 ENVELOPES.  Anyone can afford $5 for such an effortless investment with
such SPECTACULAR RETURNS.

Some people have said to me, "what happens if the scheme is played out and
no one sends me any money?"  Big Deal, so you lose $5 - but what are the
chances of that happening??

There are millions of internet users, and millions of new net surfers every
month.

Remember - read the instructions carefully, and play fairly.  That's the
only way this will work.  Get a printout so you can refer back to this
article easily.

Try to keep a list of everyone that sends you money and always keep an eye
on the postings to make sure everyone is playing fairly.  You know where
your name should be.

REMEMBER - HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY.
WHAT ARE 5 DOLLARS TO YOU?
YOU DO NOT NEED TO CHEAT THIS IDEA TO MAKE MONEY!!!  This is the easiest
way that you can make a buck.  Think how excited you'll be to open up your
mailbox day after day!  Will it be $49?  $122?  Start making your plans,
because it can happen to you.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extra section:
HOW TO POST TO NEWSGROUPS FAST WITH YOUR WEB BROWSER:

If you have Netscape 3.0 do EXACTLY the following:

1)  Click on any newsgroup like normal, THEN click on 'TO NEWS', which is
on the far left when you're in the newsgroups page.  This will bring up a
box to type a message in.

2)  Leave the newsgroup box like it is, CHANGE the subject box to something
flashy, like, "NEED CASH $$$ READ HERE $$$ or "FAST CASH"!!!

3)  Tab once and you should be ready to type.  Now, retype (only once) THIS
whole article WORD FOR WORD, except insert your name at #5,  and remove #1
off the list, plus any other small changes you think you need to make. 
Keep almost all of it the SAME!

4)  When you're done typing the WHOLE article, click on FILE in THIS BOX,
RIGHT ABOVE SEND, NOT WHERE IT SAYS NETSCAPE NEWS ON THE FIRST BOX.

Click on SAVE AS when you're under FILE.  Save your article as a text file
to your C: or A: drive.  DO NOT SEND OR POST YOUR ARTICLE UNTIL YOU DO
THIS.  Once saved, move on to number 5 below.

NOTE:  If you don't want to type in the whole article by hand, AND you know
how to use a plain text editor (like Notepad), you can edit the file ahead
of time, then attach it as shown in step 6.

5)  If you still have all of your text, send or post to this newsgroup now
by just clicking send, which is right below FILE, and right above Cc:

6)  Here's where you're going to post all 200.  OK, click on any newsgroup
then click on 'TO NEWS', again in the top left corner.  Leave the
NEWSGROUPS BOX alone again, put a flashy subject title in the SUBJECT BOX,
hit TAB once you're in the body of the message.

Click on ATTACHMENTS, which is below the SUBJECT BOX.  You will get another
box to come up.  Click on ATTACH FILE, then find YOUR file that if you did
this right, you should see your file name in the attachments box, and it
will be shaded green.

NOTE:  If you don't want to type in the whole article and you know how to
use a plain text editor (Notepad), you can edit the file ahead of time,
then attach it.


IF YOU USE IE EXPLORER IT'S JUST AS EASY...HOLDING DOWN THE LEFT MOUSE
BUTTON,

highlight this article.  Then press the "ctrl" key and the "c" key at the
same time to copy this article.  Then print this article for your records,
to have the names of those you will be sending $1 bills to.

2)  Go to the news groups and press "post an article".   A window will
open.  Type in your headline in the subject area and then click in the
large window below.  Press "ctrl" and then "v" and the article will be
placed in the window.

If you want to edit the article, do so and then highlight and copy it
again.  Now every time you post the article in a new newsgroup all you have
to repeat is "ctrl" and "v" and press post.

3)  That's it.  Each time you do this, all you have to do is type in a
different newsgroup, so that way it posts to 200 DIFFERENT newsgroups, or
more.


You see?  Now you just have 199 to go!! (Don't worry, each one takes about
30 seconds, once you get used to it.

REMEMBER 200 IS THE MINIMUM.  The more you post the more money you will
receive.

AND THAT'S IT!!  THEY ARE ONLY STEPS!!!