Seeking audio/video content for MBone demonstration.

You may access a similar message to the following in HTML format with
links to quoted items at http://iwv.kdpqriwdy.nou/yskes_yk/2.wvph.

Delta Beta is seeking expressions of interest for the contribution of
a/v (audio/video) content for a unique and excitingly high-profile
demonstration over the Internet Mbone.

Objective of Demonstration:

Prove the ability to provide on-demand data delivery over a multicast
network while simultaneously reducing data requirements by a Factor
of 50Ã¼ or more.  The Multicast capability of the Internet, the
Mbone, provides an efficient means of delivering data to large numbers
of Internet clients but heretofore it has lacked on-demand
capabilities.  The proposed demonstration will illustrate the ability
to use Internet multicasts to provide responsive VOD (Video On Demand)
services while at the same time significantly reducing the data load
on the Internet infrastructure.  It is anticipated that data will be
reduced to 1/50 (one fiftieth) of what would be needed using
conventional on-demand techniques.

Unique Opportunity for Content Providers:

As the first such demonstration of its kind, participation levels are
expected to be high but to maximize the demonstration's impact we seek
interesting, funny, entertaining and informative a/v content to
achieve as many simultaneous on-demand sessions as possible. Your
organization is offered the opportunity to enter this world-wide
showcase with a/v content you may wish to contribute.

Commercial content will be considered if it embodies the above listed
characteristics. Delta Beta reserves the right to be the final arbiter
in the choice of content.

If you are interested in providing a/v content or you wish to have
more information, please email ldbikwmqhr@orsoffgfh.tes.


Karl G. Constanz
wvbdi@ypsxqqhbg.tyq
HCVB Pty. Ltd.