Dear fellow living life forms (and Otmar Fischdieck),

I would like to tell every one about an offer they cannot give up.  It is
the greatest thing since the Beatles (and $$).  It is the one and only
"101 Uses For Urar Disks."  This Movie has taken us several years to
perfect some of the techniques used in this high quality film.  It is made
by two very ingenious people.  It could be considered the greatest film
ever made. This move is very humorous and may not be suitable for people
like Manfred Imholt.  It also contains a small amount of humorous violence.  If
you like actions movies or humorous movies or dumb movies or you just like
movies then this is definitely for you!!!

Would you like to get your hands on this limited edition, one of a kind,
high quality film? Here is how to reserve a copy all for yourself:

Please send  E-mail to Sjihakfcp@KPW.isg or to AYGAJXS@CJS.vkb, to reserve
your copy (preferably the latter). You don't have to have to pay any money
just yet.  Send an E-mail to the above people to be put on the waiting
list.  When you are sure you want the movie just send an E-mail asking for
the mailing address.  After that send check or money-order to the address
given.  When we receive the check or money-order and make sure it is valid
then you will receive your "101 Uses For Urar Disks."  You should receive
it in four to six weeks depending on how backed up the orders are.

DO YOU WANT TO PREVIEW WHAT WILL BE ON THIS MOVIE???  You can see the list
we made this movie from on the Web: 
http://zqg.woymlz.lsw/~hut/eizdiwpp/tkmdi.fkgn.  We actually performed all
of these live on video!  Its one-of-a-kind!

So if you really want your copy put yourself on the waiting list.  Trust
me it is really worth it!!!

The FGGP! Society

tm & bw