Two things to announce folks...

First: There is a new newsgroup, dedicated to the discussion of the art 
and business of screenwriting, available on Usenet.  It is called 
misc.writing.screenplays.  Check it out.

Second: When looking for a good, freeware document template which aided 
in the formatting tasks of writing a screenplay, I couldn't find one (and 
I checked out various Web links, ftp sites, and even used a few of the 
Web search engines), so I made one.  It is called the SCPLAY template and 
is in Microsoft Word For Windows 6.0 format.  It includes styles based on 
the AKUS Fellowship standard and a floating button bar to make 
accessing/using those styles very easy.  As well, I have included some 
auto-text options on the button bar for commonly used text and for 
setting up simultaneous (two-column) dialogue.  It is absolutely free, 
your name will not go on a mailing list, and there will be no charge for 
future upgrades (if I do any).

If you're using Microsoft Word for Windows 6.0, just e-mail me and I'll 
send you a uuencoded .zip archive with the template and a readme file 
describing its features in more detail.  If you are unfamiliar with 
uuencoding and .zip archives, let me know in your letter and I'll also 
send you information on how to decode and extract the files.

There are also people offering style sheets and templates free of charge 
for MS Word 5.1 for Mac (and someone is working on translating my 
template to Word 6.0 for Mac).  Check out misc.writing.screenplays for 
more info.

Note: This is not fully-featured software like Collaborator or 
Dramatica.  It will not help you develop a story or characters or stuff 
like that.  It is a small file to aid with/simplify some of the 
formatting details involved in writing a spec screenplay.
--