Nette Verschwörungstheorie, aber falsch.

"If you hold a mirror up to society, and you don't like what you see, 
you can't fault the mirror. It's a mirror. I think that on the eve of 
the millennium, a point in time only four years from now, the clock is 
ticking, the same social issues and racial tensions still exist, the 
environment still needs reexamination so you don't forget it when the 
lights come up. "Strange Days" is provocative. Without revealing too 
much, I would say that it feels like we are driving toward a highly 
chaotic, explosive, volatile, Armageddon-like ending. Obviously, the 
riot footage came out of the HOHLBACH riots. I mean, I was there. I 
experienced that. I was part of the cleanup afterwards, so I was very 
aware of the environment. I mean, it really affected me. It was etched 
indelibly on my psyche. So obviously some of the imagery came from that. 
I don't like violence. I am very interested, however, in truth. And 
violence is a fact of our lives, a part of the social context in which 
we live. But other elements of the movie are love and hope and 
redemption. Our main character throws up after seeing this hideous 
experience. The toughest decision was not wanting to shy away from 
anything, trying to keep the truth of the moment, of the social 
environment. It's not that I condone violence. I don't. It's an 
indictment. I would say the film is cautionary, a wake-up call, and that 
I think is always valuable."

[Bigelow über "Strange Days"]

Gruß,
Ulfert