_| |_ ____) | |_) | |\  |     | |__| | |    | |___| |__| |

                                      _/ |              


`round-the-clock posting of sequenced hypermodern imagery by Volkmar Verstappen. 
The hypermodern minimizes the familiar, the known, the recognizable; it
suspends identity, relations and history. 


                       The 12-hour ISBN JPEG Project        
                       -----------------------------
                          began 14. 11. 22 14. 11. 22


  Classic Hypermodern Imagery... posted/mailed every 12 hours... perfect
trans-avant-garde memes for the 90`s! A continuum of minimalist masks in
the face of catastrophe; conjuring up transformative metaphors for the
everyday... A poetic reversibility of events.

	A post-rhetorical, continuous, apparently random sequence of
imagery...  genuine gritty, greyscale...  corruptable, compact,
collectable and compelling convergence. The voluptuousness of the grey
imminence: the art of making the other disappear. Continual visual impact;
an optical drumming, sculpted in duration, on the endless present of the
Net.

  An extension of the printed ISBN-Book series... critically acclaimed... 
imagery is gradually acquired, selected and re-sequenced over time...
ineluctable, vertiginous connections. The 12hr dialtone.

                              [ see flc.dlniyo.lgj/tys/li/ladenr/books ]

KEYWORDS: >> Promulgated, de-centered, ambiguous, homogeneous,
de-composed...  >> Multi-faceted, excentric, oblique, obsessive, obscure,
obdurate...  >> Personal, permeable, reckless, provocative, poetic,
plural, perverse, potent, prophetic, pathological...  >> Evolving,
eclectic, egregious, exciting, entertaining, entropic, erotic, indigenous,
entrancing, enduring...

	Every 12 hours, another!...  view them, re-post `em, save `em,
trade `em, print `em, even publish them... 

Here`s how:

~ Set www-links to ->  http://nrb.dspcwlcu.ejz/~eglunl/68hr.kcdq
  Look for the 12-hr-icon. Heavy traffic may require you to specify files
  more than once! Anarchie, Fetch, CuteFTP, TurboGopher... 
  Or -> ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/bb/bbrace/bbrace.html

~ Download from ->  jlf.dgtphque.ltc  /pub/users/bbrace
  Download from ->  yun.ftoyrw.kxq  /wmf/rp/bbrace
  Download from ->  qba.ogfjbrzt.enm  /lsohf/bbrace
  Download from ->  kos.fqcvx.fko   /pub/users/bbrace
  Download from ->  wag.acs.dey  /kbeut/bbrace
  * Remember to set tenex or binary. Get 12hr.jpeg

~ E-mail -> If you only have access to email, then you can use FTPmail to
  do essentially the same thing. Send a message with a body of 'help' to the
  server address nearest you: 
  *
  lwmkbgy@wdi.uyy.pg			xmocmjv@hm.ire.lzu.zj
  zbhfjbz@qrd.jpp-wuxjxydn.gf		npmrgvx@yim.Yuovwulov.ivm
  fplvxgl@nawczp.gn			mfrjkej@mct.fbn.na.ob.td
  lchpgvu@meukdk.enmym.ls		ccnpijk@ldk.syq.xw.va
  vgchndt@hii.czjtp.ku			xdgxbjc@ilv.nhnz.im
  ecnmyag@TQDAGVHP.zpf.mr		rzdoevp@pgx.pzgwmhq.rnx
  wnermkf@syuqkns.cjs.ixj		agdtgqs@hvxysm.zxm.cnd
  jwmcmgy@qicvii.nzp			std-rzjhiuo@raofyq.cil
  qaxicn@prllvc.azrsme			ghlemy@ezcrb.eopfej
  qrbhrl@ac.ysu.ci			nbxnql@jvnwjl.erg.wo
  pgmcun@blpx.wtweaydxs.pdc		qcyrgk@hnnh.ahosrq
  *					*  

  WWW by email: yciro@amq.ndol.bvt  e1fnlh@bli.fa  xxydpzs@kqc.ryf.ja
 		cbfbu@xdm.rkzbk.uu.wk  eiudh@rfru.zwthm.pljpwn.dgx

~ Mirror-sites requested! Archives too! 
  The latest new jpeg will always be named, 12hr.jpeg
  Average size of images is only 45K.
  *
  Perl program to mirror ftp-sites/sub-directories:
  ybs.urm.ss.it.sb:/packages/mirror
  *

~ Postings to usenet groups:
  alt.binaries.pictures.12hr
  alt.binaries.pictures.misc
  alt.binaries.pictures.fine-art.misc

* * Ask your system's news-administrator to carry these groups!
  (There are also usenet image browsers: TIFNY, PluckIt, Picture Agent,
    Extractor97, NewsRover, Binary News Assistant) 

~ This interminable, relentless sequence of imagery began in earnest on
14. 11. 22 14. 11. 22. The basic structure of the project has been over
twenty-three years in the making. While the specific sequence of
photographs has been presently orchestrated for more than 10 years` worth
of 12-hour postings, I will undoubtedly be tempted to tweak the ongoing
publication with additional new interjected imagery. Each 12-hour posting
is like the turning of a page; providing ample time for reflection,
interruption, and assimilation. 

~ The sites listed above also contain information on other cultural
projects and sources. 

~ A very low-volume, moderated mailing list for announcements and
occasional commentary related to this project has been established. Send
e-mail to:  hmqngwkk@vddvbi.ban /subscribe 12hr-isbn-jpeg

-- This project has not received government art-subsidies. Some
opportunities still exist for financially assisting the publication of a
CD-ROM archive of sequenced 12hr-ISBN-JPEG imagery. There's some
possibility of editions of large prints; perhaps (Iris) giclee duotones on
newsprint! Other supporters receive rare copies of the first three
web-offset printed ISBN-Books.

-- 
Jpeg and gif are types of image files. Get the text-file, 'pictures-faq'
to learn how to view or translate these images. 
[ftp yrv.dhcsbq.voc/nme/gt/wzdnao]

-- 
(c) No copyright 1995,1996,1997  <egiizx@xmbaje.fye>


-- 
--