You gotta be crazy! How on earth do you think you can buy 50 grand for
lousy 5 bucks? Well, that's what I was wondering, too until I came
across this letter.

First of all, IT'S PERFECTLY LEGAL! (Call 3-206-819-3720) if you have
any questions about the following opportunity to make $50,000.00 and
that probably WITHIN LESS THAN TWO MONTHS!

Well, here it goes:
A little while back, I was browsing these newsgroups, just like you are
now, and came across an article similar to this that said you could make
thousands of dollars within weeks with only an initial investment of
$5.00! So I thought, "Yeah, right, this must be a joke,"  but like most
of us I was curious, so I kept reading. Anyway, it said that you send
$1.00 to each of the 5 names and address stated in the article. You then
place your own name and address in the bottom of the list at #5, and
post the article in at least 200 newsgroups. (There are thousands) No
catch, that was it.

I knew that that was the opportunity I had waited for for a long time. I
thought it was about time that the money of the world gets into the
right hands! OURS, right? I never had a doubt that this thing will
actually work and even if it didn't, what were 5 stamps and $5.00 for a
try?

As I mentioned before, like most of us I was a little skeptical and a
little worried about the legal aspects of it all. So I checked it out
with the U.S. Post Office (3-206-819-3720) and they confirmed that it is
indeed legal!

Now, that's how your story WILL sound like, too if you participate:

Well GUESS WHAT!!... with in 7 days, I started getting money in the
mail! I was shocked! I still figured it would end soon, and didn't give
it another thought. But the money just kept coming in. In my first week,
I made about $20.00 to $30.00 dollars. By the end of the second week I
had made a total of over $1,000.00!!!!!! In the third week I had over
$10,000.00 and it's still growing. This is now my fourth week and I have
made a total of just over $42,000.00 and it's still coming in .......

Let me tell you how this works and most importantly, Why it
works....also, make sure you print a copy of this article NOW, so you
can get the information off of it as you need it. The process is very
simple and consists of 3 easy steps:

STEP 1: Get 5 separate pieces of paper and write the following on each
piece of paper "PLEASE ADD ME TO YOUR MAILING LIST."  Now get 5 $1.00
bills and place ONE inside EACH of the 5 pieces of paper so the bill
will not be seen through the envelope to prevent thievery. Next, place
one paper in each of the 5 envelopes and seal them. You should now have
5 sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase
and a $1.00 bill. What you are doing is creating a service by this. THIS
IS PERFECTLY LEGAL!

Mail the 5 envelopes to the following addresses:
#1 Rupert Mittenhuber
P.O. BOX 5732
Wölferberg, HESSLINGEN, 49892-9375

#2 Sabrina Zillenbiller
467 Rehberger Kellergasse #387
Butteldorf, Mauternbach
U3G 7V1
Canada

#3 Theodor Utzing
Totenkopfstraße 18
B-9169 Wilhelmsreut
Norway

#4 Robert Angermann
Ackeleiweg 06O
N-6338 Unterreuten
Norway

#5 Victoria Andresch
Impekoven.08
W-8106 Cauco
Norway

STEP 2: Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the
other names up (2 becomes 1, 3 becomes 2, etc...) and add YOUR Name as
number 5 on the list.

STEP 3: Change anything you need to, but try to keep this article as
close to original as possible. Now, post your amended article to at
least 200 newsgroups. (I think there is close to 18,000 groups) All you
need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you
make!

Don't know HOW to post in the newsgroups? Well do exactly the following:

FOR NETSCAPE USERS:
1) Click on any newsgroup, like normal. Then click on "To News", which
is in the top left corner of the newsgroup page. This will bring up a
message box.

2) Fill in the SUBJECT with a flashy title, like the one I used,
something to catch the eye!!!

3) Now go to the message part of the box and retype this letter exactly
as it is here, with exception of your few changes. (remember to add your
name to number 5 and move the rest up)

4) When your done typing in the WHOLE letter, click on 'FILE' above the
send button. Then, 'SAVE AS..' DO NOT SEND YOUR ARTICLE UNTILL YOU SAVE
IT. (so you don't have to type this 200 times :-)

5) Now that you have saved the letter, go ahead and send your first
copy! (click the 'SEND' button in the top left corner)

6) This is where you post all 200! OK, go to ANY newsgroup article and
click the 'TO NEWS' button again. Type in your flashy subject in the
'SUBJECT BOX', then go to the message and place your cursor here. Now
click on 'ATTACHMENT' which is right below the 'SUBJECT BOX'. Click on
attach file then find your letter wherever you saved it.  Click once on
your file then click 'OPEN' then click 'OK'.  If you did this right, you
should see your filename in the 'ATTACHMENT BOX' and it will be shaded.

NOW POST AWAY!

FOR INTERNET EXPLORER:
It's just as easy, holding down the left mouse button, highlight this
entire article, then press the 'CTRL' key and 'C' key at the same time
to copy this article. Then print the article for your records to have
the names of those you will be sending $1.00 to.

Go to the newsgroups and press 'POST AN ARTICLE' type in your flashy
subject and click the large window below. Press 'CTRL' and 'V' and the
aricle will appear in the message window. **BE SURE TO MAKE YOUR ADDRESS
CHANGES TO THE 5 NAMES.** Now re-highlight the article and re-copy it so
you have the changes.... then all you have to do for each newsgroup is
'CTRL' and 'V' and press 'POST'. It's that easy!! THAT'S IT! All you
have to do is jump to different newsgroups and post away, after you get
the hang of it, it will take about 30 seconds for each newsgroup!

**REMEMBER, THE MORE NEWSGROUPS YOU POST IN, THE MORE MONEY YOU'LL
MAKE!! BUT YOU HAVE TO POST A MINIMUM OF 200**

**If these instructions are too complex to follow, try Renke "Free
Agent." It is freeware for noncommercial use. To download it, simply use
a search utility and type "Forte Free Agent". You should be able to find
it.**

That's it! You will begin receiving money from around the world within
days! You may eventually want to rent a P.O. Box due to the large amount
of mail you receive. If you wish to stay anonymous, you con invent a
name to use, as long as the postman will deliver it. **JUST MAKE SURE
ALL THE ADDRESSES ARE CORRECT.**

Now the WHY part:

This entire principle works because it is in a format of an upside down
tree with thousands of branches. Everyone below you will see to it that
the tree continues because they want to get money. Those below THEM will
continue because THEY want to get the cash etc.

Out of 200 postings, say I receive only 5 replies (a very low example).
So then I made $5.00 with my name at #5 on the letter. Now, each of the
5 persons who just sent me $1.00 make the MINIMUM 200 postings, each
with my name at #4 and only 5 persons respond to each of the original 5,
that is another $25.00 for me, now those 25 each make 200 MINIMUM posts
with my name at #3 and only 5 replies each, I will bring in an
additional $125.00! Now, those 125 persons turn around and post the
MINIMUM 200 with my name at #2 and only receive 5 replies each, I will
make an additional $626.00! OK, now here is the fun part, each of those
625 persons post a MINIMUM of 200 letters with my name at #1 and they
each only receive 5 replies, that just made me $3,125.00!!! With a
original investment of only $5.00! AMAZING! And as I said 5 responses is
actually VERY LOW!  Average is probable 20 to 30! So lets put those
figures at just 15 responses per person. Here is what you will make:

at #5 $15.00
at #4 $225.00
at #3 $3,375.00
at #2 $50,625.00
at #1 $759,375.00

When your name is no longer on the list, you just take the latest
posting in the newsgroups, and send out another $5.00 to names on the
list, putting your name at number 5 and start posting again. The thing
to remember is that thousands of people all over the world are joining
the Internet and reading these articles everyday, JUST LIKE YOU are
now!! And this will go on and on and on and on.... get the picture?
Well, there's 5,000,000,000 people on the world and most of them will
eventually end up being hooked into the internet. So  there are
virtually unlimited resources. Of course this will work the best at the
very beginning so the faster you post, the better for YOU!

So can you afford $5.00 and see if it really works?? I think so! People
have said, "what if the plan is played out and no one sends you the
money? So what! What are the chances of that happening when there are
tons of new honest users and new honest works?? I think so... People
have said, "what if the plan is played out and no one sends you the
money? So what! What are the chances of that happening when there are
tons of new honest users and new honest people who are joining the
Internet and newsgroups everyday and are willing to give it a try?
Estimates are at 20,000 to 50,000 new users, every day, with thousands
of those joining the actual Internet. Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY
and this will work. You just have to be honest.  Make sure you print
this article out RIGHT NOW, also. Try to keep a list of everyone that
sends you money and always keep an eye on the newsgroups to make sure
everyone is playing fairly.

Remember, HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. You don't need to cheat the basic
idea to make the money!!

GOOD LUCK to all and please play fairly and reap the huge rewards from
this, which is tons of extra CASH. **By the way, if you try to deceive
people by posting the messages with your name in the list and not
sending the money to the rest of the people already on the list, you
will NOT get as much. Someone I talked to knew someone who did that and
he only made about $150.00, and that's after seven or eight weeks! Then
he sent the 5 $1.00 bills, people added him to their lists, and in 4-5
weeks he had over $10k. This is the fairest and most honest way I have
ever seen to share the wealth of the world without costing anything but
our time!!! You also may want to buy mailing and e-mail lists for future
dollars.

Please remember to declare your extra income.   Thanks once again...