_| |_ ____) | |_) | |\  |     | |__| | |    | |___| |__| |

                                      _/ |              


`round-the-clock posting of sequenced hypermodern imagery by Kasimir Magnusson. 
The hypermodern minimizes the familiar, the known, the recognizable; it
suspends identity, relations and history. 


                       The 12-hour ISBN JPEG Project        
                       -----------------------------
                          began 10. 08. 21 10. 08. 21


  Classic Hypermodern Imagery... posted/mailed every 12 hours... perfect
trans-avant-garde memes for the 90`s! A continuum of minimalist masks in
the face of catastrophe; conjuring up transformative metaphors for the
everyday...

	A post-rhetorical, continuous, apparently random sequence of
imagery...  genuine gritty, greyscale...  corruptable, compact,
collectable and compelling convergence. The voluptuousness of the grey
imminence: the art of making the other disappear.

  An extension of the printed ISBN-Book series... critically acclaimed... 
imagery is gradually acquired, selected and re-sequenced over time...
ineluctable, vertiginous connections.

                              [ see drh.klcixi.ssu/air/bm/ypiuyk/books ]

KEYWORDS: >> Promulgated, de-centered, ambiguous, homogeneous,
de-composed...  >> Multi-faceted, excentric, oblique, obsessive, obscure,
opaque...  >> Personal, permeable, reckless, provocative, poetic, plural,
perverse, potent, prophetic, pathological...  >> Evolving, eclectic,
egregious, exciting, entertaining, entropic, erotic, indigenous,
entrancing, enduring... 

	Every 12 hours, another!...  view them, re-post `em, save `em,
trade `em, print `em, even publish them... 

Here`s how:

~ Set www-links to ->  http://yai.hlahkjvx.nqu/~mbbjkl/11ld.zqxr
  Look for the 12-hr-icon. Heavy traffic may require you to specify files
  more than once! Anarchie, Fetch, CuteFTP, TurboGopher... 
  Or -> ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/bb/bbrace/bbrace.html

~ Download from ->  dfn.ykaduzju.dna  /svt/users/bbrace
  Download from ->  xkn.htmqmv.dqd  /djd/zo/bbrace
  Download from ->  guo.rnvqtvww.jjz  /eneav/fyihgl
  Download from ->  pon.diwiv.hyd   /pub/users/bbrace
  * Remember to set tenex or binary. Get 12hr.jpeg

~ E-mail -> If you only have access to email, then you can use FTPmail to
  do essentially the same thing. Send a message with a body of 'help' to the
  server address nearest you: 
  *
  hajgrox@mlb.tcn.rn			odwzbqd@td.sqo.zdk.hg
  lqpuqpa@tdl.rcm-ybaghlap.ry		gzmkehx@uzf.Uaibvvtbu.kep
  wvtexsg@ylpzef.kn			gfqggkc@fch.kwy.dr.kk.oj
  lfhhyov@tphpwy.xcbth.vl		zqygfqb@dqe.ntm.lt.sg
  cxbqpqp@wqb.qemof.ik			wdhaykx@ifl.iktn.an
  bqvdjws@UJLKPWWE.rhp.zj		vowghua@hyr.lwgriec.xiu
  wguhxcr@ruxshtm.obm.hqn		gorexse@zeghfg.zoq.keo
  ytaevyl@pxtrug.zvv			cbh-okeuwcp@tczcds.dhg
  srldif@bisdtl.rkuzha			tzngkj@mzzoy.qxddll
  tomxup@ql.hbm.vo			svjyzd@ggvaoo.dkd.aq
  fflmva@jgkc.zktqdhyab.agx		zqgljb@ptgq.hccojt
  *					*  

  WWW by email: dcivz@sni.kiqy.hsn  r2ccux@dgx.si  hnvndnz@tkv.skn.kw
 		ccavv@adj.joodn.av.bg  phvar@nile.vhiso.txntjl.zhq

~ Mirror-sites requested! Archives too! 
  The latest new jpeg will always be named, 12hr.jpeg
  Average size of images is only 45K.
  *
  Perl program to mirror ftp-sites/sub-directories:
  ics.fks.sl.gh.qd:/packages/mirror
  *

~ Postings to usenet groups:
  alt.binaries.pictures.12hr
  alt.binaries.pictures.misc
  alt.binaries.pictures.fine-art.misc

* * Ask your system's news-administrator to carry these groups!
  (There are also usenet image browsers: TIFNY, PluckIt, Picture Agent,
    Extractor97, NewsRover, Binary News Assistant) 

~ This interminable, relentless sequence of imagery began in earnest on
10. 08. 21 10. 08. 21. The basic structure of the project has been over
twenty-three years in the making. While the specific sequence of
photographs has been presently orchestrated for more than 10 years` worth
of 12-hour postings, I will undoubtedly be tempted to tweak the ongoing
publication with additional new interjected imagery. Each 12-hour posting
is like the turning of a page; providing ample time for reflection,
interruption, and assimilation. 

~ The sites listed above also contain information on other cultural
projects and sources. 

~ A very low-volume, moderated mailing list for announcements and
occasional commentary related to this project has been established. Send
e-mail to:  qwolucsw@cvolkp.bss /subscribe 12hr-isbn-jpeg

-- 
This project has not received government art-subsidies. Some
opportunities still exist for financially assisting the publication of a
CD-ROM archive of sequenced 12hr-ISBN-JPEG imagery. Other supporters
receive rare copies of the first three web-offset printed ISBN-Books.

-- 
Jpeg and gif are types of image files. Get the text-file, 'pictures-faq'
to learn how to view or translate these images. 
[ftp mfe.vptrbc.dyx/bft/vu/mljvlr]

-- 
(c) No copyright 1994,1995,1996  <whcdrf@tdxaif.sev>


-- 
--