Subject:
            ~~~ $$ FAST CASH NOW!! $$ ~~~
       Date:
            Fri, 22. 11. 22 19:00:00 -0700
       From:
Rgmgxpn <srtdmuh@vlhyrjcn.vuk

Organization:
            IOT Inc., Coast to Coast Internet Services

$$$ Mailbox Cash $$$        PLEASE PRINT THIS LETTER..........NOW........

A little while back, I was browsing these newsgroups, just like you are
now, and came across an article similar to this that said you could make
thousands of dollars within weeks with only an initial investment of
$5.00! So I thought, "Yeah, right, this must be a scam," but like most
of us, but I was curious, so I kept reading. Anyway, it said that you
send $1.00 to each of the 5 names and address stated in the article. You
then place your own name and address in the bottom of the list at #5,
and post the article in at least 200 newsgroups.  (There are
thousands.)  No catch, that was it.

You can make up to or over $50,000.00 in 4-6 weeks, maybe sooner!  I
SWEAR, I'M NOT LYING TO YOU, AND THIS IS NOT A SCAM!  If you're
interested in making some big bucks, keep reading; if you're not, I
apologize for wasting your time.

So after thinking it over, talking to a few people first, I figured what
have I got to lose except for 5 stamps and $5, right?  One person who
very recently had tried it said it worked like a charm.  He started
getting money in the mail!  He was shocked!  He figured it would end
soon, and didn't give it another thought.  But then the money kept
coming IN - tripling in size and multiplying by 10 - 20 times the
amount  that he got the first week!  In his first week he had made a
total of over $1,000!!!  In the third week he had over $10,000 dollars,
and it's still growing!  This is his fourth week and he's made about
$42,000 Total, and believe it or not the money is still coming in...

I know this has been checked out several times with the legal community
and is deemed perfectly Legal, but being a very cautious person, I also
wanted to check it out with the US Post Office. I called them
(1-033-785-3138) and explained this process and asked if there were any
regulations that would be violated doing this. Without hesitation,
the postal official also said it is legal.  At that point, I felt
comfortable going ahead and joining the process.

Let me tell you how this works and most importantly, WHY IT
WORKS!...Also, make sure you print a copy of this article NOW, so you
get the information from it, and begin making money.  The process is
very simple, and it consists of 3 ease steps:

STEP 1:  Get 5 separates pieces of paper and write the following on each
sheet of paper:  "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST. YOU ARE NUMBER #."

Get five $1 bills, and place ONE inside each piece of paper that you
have just written on, and fold each piece of paper so the bill will not
be seen in the envelope (otherwise, nosy people who like to steal
envelopes with money in it will not get yours).  Put one paper inside
the envelope and seal it.  Do the same for all 5.  You should now have 5
envelopes sealed, each having a piece of paper AND the $1 bill inside.
NOTE: Make sure those words that were stated above are written on each
piece of paper.  What you are doing is creating a service by this. This
is PERFECTLY LEGAL. Now, mail the 5 envelopes with the paper and $1 in
each to the following 5 addresses:


       #1 Josef Hyrtlgasse
        598 Tag 86xb Zusergasse
        Alte Rosentalstraße, JUDENTENBERG 74136

       #2 A. Thea
        0250 M. Vorstadtplatz.
        Niederwölz, DS  30256 

       #3 D. Klippel
        20 Aflerweg
        Dätgen, MD   V4P 1F1
        Canada

       #4 G. Cort
        VLN 2048
       P. O. Box 277577
        Vellinghausen 97856- 1320

      #5 H. Unverhau
        8271 Salinenstraße.
        Börzow PA, 11735 


STEP 2: Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the
other names up (5 becomes 4, 4 becomes 3, etc...) and add YOUR Name as
number 5 on the list.

 STEP 3: Change anything you need to, but try to keep this article as
close to original as possible. Now, post your amended article to at
least 200 newsgroups. (I think there is close to 18,000 groups) All you
need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make!

Don't know HOW to post in the newsgroups? Well, do exactly the
following:

      FOR NETSCAPE USERS,

        1) Click on any newsgroup, like normal. Then click on "To News,
which
is in the top left corner of the newsgroup page.  This will bring up a
message box.

        2) Fill in the SUBJECT with a flashy title, like the one I used,
something to catch the eye!!!

        3) Now go to the message part of the box and retype this letter
exactly
as it is here, with exception of your few changes. (Remember to add your
name to number 5 and move the rest up)

        4) When you're done typing in the WHOLE letter, click on FILE above
the
send button.  Then, SAVE AS.. DO NOT SEND YOUR ARTICLE UNTIL YOU SAVE
IT. (So you don't have to type this 200 times :-)

        5) Now that you have saved the letter, go ahead and send your first
copy! (Click the SEND button in the top left corner)

        6) This is where you post all 200! OK, go to ANY newsgroup article
and
click the TO NEWS button again. Type in your flashy subject in the
SUBJECT BOX, then go to the message and place your cursor here. Now
click on ATTACHMENT, which is right below the SUBJECT BOX. Click on
attach file then find your letter wherever you saved it.  Click once on
your file then click OPEN then click OK.  If you did this right, you
should see your filename in the     ATTACHMENT BOX and it will be
shaded.

     NOW POST AWAY!!

      IF YOU ARE USING INTERNET EXPLORER:

         It's just as easy, holding down the left mouse button,
highlight this entire article, then press the CTRL key and C key at the
same time to copy this article. Then print the article for your records
to have the names of those you will be sending $1.00 to.

      NEXT, Go to the newsgroups and press POST AN ARTICLE type in your
flashy subject and click the large window below.  Press CTRL and V and
the article will appear in the message window. ** BE SURE TO MAKE YOUR
ADDRESS CHANGES TO THE 5 NAMES. ** Now re-highlight the article and
re-copy it re-copy it so you have the changes.... Then all you have to
do for each newsgroup is CTRL and V and press POST. It's that easy!!

      THAT'S IT! All you have to do is jump to different newsgroups and
post away, after you get the hang of it, it will take about 30 seconds
for each newsgroup!

     ** REMEMBER, THE MORE NEWSGROUPS YOU POST IN, THE MORE
     MONEY YOU WILL MAKE!! BUT YOU HAVE TO POST A MINIMUM OF
     200 **

This is WHY this works!

Out of 200 postings, say I receive only 5 replies (a very low example).
So then I made $5.00 with my name at #5 on the letter. Now, each of the
5 persons who just sent me  $1.00 make the MINIMUM 200 postings, each
with my name at  #4 and only 5 persons respond to each of the original
5, that is another $25.00 for me, now those 25 each make 200 MINIMUM
posts with my name at #3 and only 5 replies each, I will bring in an
additional $125.00! Now, those 125 persons turn around and post the
MINIMUM 200 with my name at #2 and only receive 5 replies each, I will
make an additional $626.00! OK, now here is the fun part, each of those
625 persons post a MINIMUM 200 letters with my name at #1 and they each
only receive 5 replies that just made me $3,125.00!!! With an original
investment of only $5.00!

AMAZING! And, as I said 5 responses is actually VERY LOW!  Average is
probable 20 to 30! So let's put those figures at just 15 responses per
person. Here is what you will make:

         at #5 $15.00

         at #4 $225.00

         at #3 $3,375.00

         at #2 $50,625.00

         at #1 $759,375.00

When your name is no  longer on the list, you just take the latest
posting in the newsgroups, and send out another $5.00 to names on the
list, putting your name at number 5 again. Then start posting again. The
thing to remember is, do you realize that thousands of people all over
the world     are joining the Internet and reading these articles every
day, JUST LIKE YOU are now!! So can you afford $5.00 and see if it
really works?? I think so - People have said, "what if the plan is
played out and no one sends you the money? So what! What are the chances
of that happening     when there are tons of new honest users and knew
honest people who are joining the Internet and newsgroups everyday and
are willing to give it a try? Estimates are at 20,000  to 50,000 new
users, every day, with thousands of those joining the actual Internet.
Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY and this will work. You just have to
be honest.  Make sure you print this article out RIGHT NOW, also. Try to
keep a list of everyone that sends you money and always keep an eye on
the newsgroups to make sure everyone are playing fairly. Remember,
HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. You don't need to cheat the basic idea to
Makes the money!!

GOOD LUCK to all and please play fairly and reap the huge rewards from
this, which is tons of extra CASH. ** By the way, if you try to deceive
people by posting the messages with your name in the list and not
sending the money to the rest of the people already on the list, you
will NOT get as much. Someone I talked to knew someone who did that and
he only made about $150.00, and that's after seven or eight weeks! Then
he sent the 5 $1.00 bills, people added him to their lists, and in 4-5
weeks he had over $10k. This is the fairest and most honest way I have
ever seen to share the wealth of the world without costing anything but
our time!!! You also may want to buy mailing and e-mail lists for future
dollars.

      Please remember to declare your extra income.   Thanks once again
: