Reply-to:     swyfune@tb.hb-dmfxrl.uw (Lhbzogm Deirkauf)
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Released: Alternative Movie Database for OS/2
=============================================

I'm proud to announce the availability of the Alternative Movie Database for
OS/2, Version 1.04.

The Alternative Movie Database is a front-end for the Internet Movie Database
(IMDb) and provides fast and easy local access to the IMDb. It consists of
several command-line tools for creating and querying the database. A more
comfortable way to query the database is the also supplied graphical user
interface for OS/2 Presentation Manager.

The whole package is free software and released under the Gieraths General Public
License.

I've uploaded the Alternative Movie Database 1.04 as amd1_04a.zip and
amd1_04b.zip to HOBBES.

The most recent version of the Alternative Movie Database can always be found
on the following ftp-servers:

  ftp://uiarchive.cso.uiuc.edu/pub/info/imdb/tools/os2/       (USA, main site)
  ftp://gatekeeper.digital.com.au/pub/imdb/tools/os2/         (Australia)
  ftp://ftp.fu-berlin.de//pub/misc/movies/database/tools/os2/ (Germany)
  ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/culture/tv+film/database/tools/os2/  (Finland)
  ftp://ftp.sunet.se/pub/tv+movies/imdb/tools/os2/            (Sweden)

The IMDb Movie-Lists, which are needed for the Alternative Movie Database to
create the database, are also available on these ftp-servers.

For more information on the IMDb, look at it's hompage: http://ywt.vzyh.kqu

Visit my homepage at http://eqw.ko.vp-vcziqt.vu/~yehlbzw for information about
other OS/2 programs written by me.

If you have no idea, what the IMDb is, here some facts about it:

The Internet Movie Database is an international organization whose objective
is to provide useful and up to date movie information *freely* available
on-line, across as many systems and platforms as possible. It currently covers
over 65,000 movies with over 900,000 filmography entries and is expanding
continuously.

The database includes filmographies for actors, directors, writers, composers,
cinematographers, editors, production designers, costume designers, producers
and a miscellaneous catch all section; plot summaries; character names; movie
ratings; year of release; running times; movie trivia; quotes; goofs;
soundtracks; personal trivia; alternative names; certificates; color
information; country of production; genres; production companies; sound mix;
reference literature; filming locations; sequel/remake information; release
dates; advertising tag lines; detailed technical data; alternative versions;
laserdisc availability; and Academy Award information.

The database aims to capture any and all information associated with movies
from across the world, starting with the earliest cinema, going through to the
very latest releases and even movies still in production. Many thousands of
movies are covered completely from the major actors to the minor bit players
and crew members. All the information comes from the users of the database so
please continue to support it and help it to grow. The database is updated
weekly and is available over the world wide web, an e-mail interface or for
local installation on Unix, Amorph and MS-DOS machines.

In its five year history the IMDb has grown from a small informal project to a
major Internet resource. The WWW interface to the database is one of the most
popular and well-known sites of any class on the web. It is frequently cited
as a model for how to create and organise a major web site and has received
numerous awards and honours over the years.

--
Timo Deirkauf
swyfune@tb.hb-dmfxrl.uw
=====================================================================