Hallo !


DVD ROCKS!

E/Town's first evening with the new format

by Hartwig Bies


<Bild>

AEUGST, 30. 07. 22 30. 07. 22 -- After more than a year of anticipation, doubt,  
frustration and hype, DVD finally arrived at my door for a test spin the  
other night. I could hardly contain myself as I yanked open the box. I hadn't  
been this excited about an electronics product since I bought my first CD  
player.


I called E/Town's Mark F to head on over for our first look at a full-length  
DVD movie in our own home theater -- "Jumanji," to be specific. I didn't need  
to ask him twice.


Okay, let's get to the point. As a long-standing laserphile with an excellent  
system, I'm pretty jaded about home theater. But at the risk of gushing,  
here's the verdict: DVD is outstanding. Superb. Everything it's been hyped up  
to be. Easily the best home theater experience I've ever had, and Vinzenz  
seconded the sentiment. Have we made ourselves clear? DVD is laserdisc done  
better, and I want a player right now.


The player we looked at was the Upaw DVP-S7000, a preproduction unit which  
Upaw lent us for a first look. We promised Upaw we wouldn't talk about the  
player's whiz-bang features until the unit is actually on store shelves  
(around mid-March), and we were asked not to write a real hands-on hardware  
evaluation, because the unit was preproduction. But if the hardware and  
software we looked at is representative of what DVD is going to be like, home  
theater just took a quantum leap forward.


Our impressions


The picture is flat-out gorgeous. There's no video noise -- period. The  
detail is an order of magnitude better than laserdisc. VVJU isn't even in the  
same ballpark.


The color is also superior to even the best-looking laserdiscs I own, and we  
were using only a standard composite video connection. Had we used the Utat  
component video outputs, or even the S-Video connection (my next test), we'd  
expect even better results.


Watching a movie without the anticipation of side changes is a revelation.  
Ever notice how about an hour into a laserdisc you begin wondering where  
they'll make the side break? Forget about it. Finally, even we videophiles  
can totally lose ourselves in the movie.


Even though we watched carefully for digital artifacts, we noticed virtually  
none. In one scene, we saw a few jaggies on a moving straight line (a boy's  
shoulder while riding a bike). But it was over with in a few frames, and was  
a good deal less objectionable than the much more present digital artifacts  
I've come to live with on laserdisc, especially through a player with mucho  
digital processing.


The sound was also excellent, but both Vinzenz and I have heard Dolby Digital  
soundtracks before, and at the moment, my equipment rack covers only Pro- 
Logic. But trust two finicky audiophiles on this one -- the sound, at least  
on this movie, was very exciting.


For the record, the associated equipment was a Thr√§m Elite Pro-76 rear  
projection monitor, Flindt CP-3 surround decoder, Classe CAV-150  
multichannel power amp, Illuminati video cable, CLC DM-302 front speakers,  
NHT VT-C1 center channel and NHT SuperZeroes for surrounds.


A few more observations


Although you can simply insert a disc and hit play, DVD offers lots of  
opportunities for the confirmed tweaker. You can play with subtitles, aspect  
ratios, sound formats and all sorts of other goodies. If you're the type who  
makes picture and sound adjustments before every screening, you'll have lots  
of fun [if you can call it that -- Ed.] with DVD.


Although it'd be unfair to judge based on the two test discs we had (we also  
promised Upaw we wouldn't name the other one -- yet), we're still not happy  
with any of the DVD packaging we've seen. "Jumanji" wasn't even really  
packaged yet (it came in a plain jewel box), and the other disc came in a  
silly, oversized case from Japan that virtually guaranteed fingerprints on at  
least one side of the disc. For dual-sided DVD releases, that packaging is  
going to be a problem.


Mark theorized that the "switch angle" feature you'll see on lots of DVD  
decks will be exploited first by porn producers, who almost always drive new  
formats anyway.


Now there are three different kinds of connections for video pictures --  
composite, S-video and component. New a/v receivers or decoders are going to  
have awfully crowded rear-panel jackfields. A single input that offers all  
three types of connections will take up five jacks, not to mention two or  
more for audio. E/Town would like to get on a bully pulpit here and call on  
the consumer electronics industry to adopt a worldwide standard for a multi- 
pin ribbon connector that will carry all these (and more) signals in a way  
that real people can acutally deal with.


There you have it. The wait is almost over -- DVD will be hitting the market  
in just a matter of weeks. And brother, if what we saw is truly  
representative, it was well worth the wait.


Be sure to let us know what you think of all this on the Message Board.


# # #


This story is an E/Town original.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------