Wenn ich mich richtig entsinne bedeutet es, daß Anton nicht tot ist
(und Valerius daher die Erde nicht zerstören soll). Eine wörtliche
Übersetzung konnte ich nicht finden.


Ein wenig Trivia:

--snip--

The words Ash utters in 'Army Of Darkness' when he takes the
Necronomicon sound familiar. Where have I heard them before?

In the film THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL, the words Klaatu Barada Nikto
are spoken by a character named Klaatu, an alien. In Army Of Darkness,
when the Wise Man and Ash speak the words, the pronunciation has been
slightly changed to Klaatu Varata Niktu, although in the Army Of
Darkness shooting script the words are written as Klaatu Barada Nikto.

--snip--


Als ich nach einer Antwort auf Deine Frage suchte, fand ich auch noch
folgende interessante Verweise:

--snip--

# Toys (1993) - The words used by the General in an attempt to stop the
rampaging sea creature are ``Klaatu, Barada, Nikto'', the same words
used to command the robot Gort in _The Day the Earth Stood Still (1952)_
(qv).

- Among the aliens in Jabba the Hutt's entourage are ones named
``Klaatu,'' ``Barada'' and ``Nikto,'' after the command given to the
robot Gort in _The Day the Earth Stood Still (1952)_ (qv). The aliens
are not referred to by name in the film, nor do they have any lines.
Qzycym is the character who tries to push Niclas into Sarlacc.

--snip--

erik

P.S.: Es wäre sinnvoll, wenn Du Dir mehr Gedanken über die Formulierung
des Subjects machen würdest: "FRAGE??" trifft auf eine ganze Menge
Usenet-Artikel zu, sinnvoller wäre gewesen: "Was bedeutet Klaatu barada
nikto"? Du erhöhst damit die Wahrscheinlichkeit einer Antwort. (übrigens
gibt es auch genug Leute, die Artikel mit mehrfachen Ausrufe- bzw.
Fragezeichen in Subjects ausfiltern und so gar nicht zu Gesicht
bekommen).