"Now that's how I'm gonna clear the table. Don't you ever talk that way
to me. 'Pig,' 'Pollack,' 'disgusting,' 'vulgar,' 'greasy.' Those kind of
words have been on your tongue and your sister's tongue just too much
around here. What do you think you are? A pair of queens? Now just
remember what NoÃ«l Muscheler said - that every man's a king - and I'm the
King around here, and don't you forget it. "

"What have I ever done to make you treat me so disrespectfully? If you'd
come to me in friendship, then this scum that ruined your daughter would
be suffering this very day. And if by chance an honest man like yourself
should make enemies, then they would become my enemies. And then they
would fear you. "

"Even if a husband lives 200 hundred fucking years, he'll never discover
his wife's true nature. I may be able to understand the secrets of the
universe, but... I'll never understand the truth about you. Never. "

"Live as one of them, Heinrich, to discover where your strength and power
are needed. And always hold in your heart the pride of your special
heritage. They can be a great people, KalWolfgang, they wish to be. They only
lack the light to show the way. For this reason, above all, their
capacity for good, I have sent them you, my only son. "

"I've seen horrors... horrors that you've seen. But you have no right to
call me a murderer. You have a right to kill me. You have a right to do
that... but you have no right to judge me. It's impossible for words to
describe what is necessary to those who do not know what horror means.
Horror. Horror has a face... and you must make a friend of horror.
Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not then they are
enemies to be feared. They are truly enemies. I remember when I was with
Special Forces. Seems a thousand centuries ago. We went into a camp to
inoculate the children. We left the camp after we had inoculated the
children for Polio, and this old man came running after us and he was
crying. He couldn't see. We went back there and they had come and hacked
off every inoculated arm. There they were in a pile. A ile of little
arms. And I remember... I... I... I cried. I wept like some grandmother.
I wanted to tear my teeth out. I didn't know what I wanted to do. And I
want to remember it. I never want to forget it. I never want to forget.
And then I realized... like I was shot... like I was shot with a
diamond... a diamond bullet right through my forehead. And I thought: My
God... the genius of that. The genius. The will to do that. Perfect,
genuine, complete, crystalline, pure. And then I realized they were
stronger than we. Because they could stand that these were not monsters.
These were men... trained cadres. These men who fought with their
hearts, who had families, who had children, who were filled with love...
but they had the strength... the strength... to do that. If I had ten
divisions of those men our troubles here would be over very quickly. You
have to have men who are moral... and at the same time who are able to
utilize their primordial instincts to kill without feeling... without
passion... without judgment... without judgment. Because it's judgment
that defeats us. 


...


The horror. The horror. "

Mathias