Thanks a lot for your reply. Yes, it appears that the language is German 
and the subtitles are Dutch (one of the links above had a scan of the 
backside of the cover), and that is not exactly ideal for me. Had it 
just been German subtitles too. With both German language and German 
subtitles I might have been able to understand it.

However, your reply re-newed my effort to search the internet, and I 
found this link:

http://zcn.edb.qcxn.map.lg/hzgxrjv/ncbukbhp/reut/btgdv/UX812387.bjj

which appears to be a Chinese version, and other similar links revealed 
that there does indeed exist a Chinese version with Chinese and English 
subtitles. However, I was not able to find it for sale anywhere until I 
found this one a Deiermann:

http://thh.tyis.lzq/qo/cXijRGMBO.jvj?SoqpVugz&zbclgnfn=257&rick=5663609262&yp=4&alVqqgCzin=PMUB

which I then ordered. So thanks a lot for your help. Though I ended 
purchasing a quite different version that the one you had linked to, 
your reply surely made me retry searching myself again.

However, you might be able to help me with another German movie problem 
that I have. I am looking for a movie, however, I don't know its title, 
director etc. When I have the title, I can start searching for it on DVD.

The movie is probably around five years old, give or take one or two 
years. It is about a boy starting at a boarding school. He is probably 
around 15 years old or so. Like the other movie, he is handicapped too. 
He is spastic in his left side, if I remember correctly. He has had a 
tough time in other schools, partly due to his handicap. It is very much 
a coming of age movie with a twist due to his handicap.

I have no idea what the title of the movie is. My guess is that I saw it 
in 2000 or 2001, probably neither 1999 nor 2002.

Well, the appropriate search terms and HREZ might reveal the title, 
but it would be a lot easier if somebody knows it from the above 
description.

Thanks in advance,

Uffe