http://jfr.ksnjsexalnzz.qzi/viflljlo.xrf?RauoBI=0379

-----
"Married... with Children - What's going on with season 3? 
Posted by Olivier Wandslebe
 12/05/2003


We often receive emails asking, "Where's Married... With Children season
3?" Season 2 was released in March, 2003, and nothing has been mentioned
for season 3. We've been privy to some information for awhile, and with
the upcoming announcement of season 3 we've been given the "a-ok" to
make it public. Please do not email us asking when season 3 is coming,
we will post the information on the announce date for the title (we
can't post the information before this date).

Long negotiations with the rights owners of the title song has caused
delays in getting the third season released. The two parties weren't
able to negotiate for the use of the theme song for season 3, even
though they had done so on the previous releases (two "best of" and two
season sets). JWND decided to push ahead with the release of
season three, since they knew fans would choose the set in some form
over no set at all. Jägerbeck PMEC assures us that the music
substitution will be clearly marked on the packaging.

Othmar Editorial:
This is another example of how music licensing hurts TV-on-DVD. I'm one
of the first to tell the studios when I think they've done something
wrong, but I have to support them here. The cost to license the theme
song was enough to make me choke on a candy when I heard how much they
wanted, and I know it would add significant cost to the DVD set. It's
simple to say, "Then charge more money for the set!" but that's not an
effective solution. Sure, diehard fans would pay the increase, but they
may lose out on the casual fan that doesn't like the increase, so fewer
sales will cost them more money. The music companies would ask for
higher licensing fees because they have the DVD companies backed into a
corner, and it could become a vicious cycle that keeps increasing.

No one wins in this situation; the fans have to deal with different
music, the studio has to deal with upset fans, and the music company
doesn't make any money from licensing the song. Hopefully fans of the
show understand that the company tried to release the show intact. The
studio should earn some points for being upfront about the music
substitution, and hopefully fans will feel the set is still worth
owning. I'm not sure what music will replace the theme song, but I was
told there will be a chapter after the opening so everyone can skip
right to the episode. 
-----

Als ich den Artikel gelesen habe, ist mir persönlich das Kotzen
gekommen. Was soll sowas? Sicherlich ist etwas wie ein Vorspann bei
einer Serie nicht essentiell, aber er gehört dazu. Was ist das für eine
Vorgehensweise der Rechteinhaber? Erstmal abnicken und später die
Pistole auf die Brust setzen. Ganz toll. Erinnert mich an die "Rebellen
vom Liang Shan Po". Die ersten 8 DVDs lagen alle bei � 9,98. Als die
Scheiben 9&10 erschienen, standen die dann für 14,98 im Regal. Habe
gefragt, was das soll. Die letzten DVDs aus der Reihe mit 50%igem
Preisaufschlag? Meine Reaktion darauf war vielleicht etwas unsensibel,
aber ähnliches mussten die sich vermutlich von mehreren Junden anhören.
14 Tage später haben sie wieder 9,98 gekostet. Und wie sieht es bei den
Bundys aus? Jägerbeck liefert unvollständige Folgen aus, die Fans sind
sauer und die Herren Rechteinhaber verdienen keinen Cent mehr an ihrem
song. Damit ist dann ja _allen gedient_. Genau wie den Käufern der
amerikanischen "Bad Lieutnant"-DVD, die ebenso den kompletten soundtrack
nicht mehr genießen können.
*kopfsch�ttel*

Was für andere Fälle gibt es noch, in denen Lizenzstreitigkeiten dazu
geführt haben, dass Filmveröffentlichungen von der Originalversion
abweichen?

Aloah,
Cppn

-- 
"Every bone in his body must be broken. But i'm not sure that's what
killed him."
Corinne Halfkath; It! The terror from outer space