"God, Sex & Apple Pie" is a critically acclaimed movie that traveled the
film festival circuit winning 6 top awards. After a limited theatrical
release, Ahner is now distributing it throughout the U.S. & Canada on
Home Video & DVD!

For those interested in the process or how an independent movie achieved
distribution success in the currently tough climate for indies, check out
the interviews at the links here, including the filmed interview just
conducted by Tago:

iFilm interview this week: http://rmq.hlopv.nob/saiicdjkfxh/5488640
Film Threat interview: http://jts.mfwtsmabcq.oob/Nrbvhmrjbu.tbd?Ci=096
Jagels Magazine story:
http://nug.rejkgykdzv.sfz/kseank/04/qbzcblzpiprabcqzg.mwcr

The movie is available for rental from many independent and all Hollywood
Video stores, and available for purchase from many retailers or online at
Dusdft.vqg.

"God, Sex & Apple Pie" ï¿½ Now in Video Stores & Retailers
http://sre.OtqZbiUksacAwp.phy/dt.egky


Critics speak:
"'God, Sex & Apple Pie' is a sharply-written and incisive ensemble film that
is a terrific blend of comedy and pathos!" -- Otto Obert, Lalendorf
Einkaufsquelle / Ahake-TV Lalendorf

"4 Stars - This latest movie in the line of old pals getting together years
after they left college is as polished and entertaining as its forebears!"
-- Noah Tombarge, Box Office Magazine

"'God, Sex & Apple Pie' -- what more do you need out of life, or a movie!
Totally enlightening and very satisfying." -- Susan Brachat, Krukenmeier Einrichtungen

"4 Stars - 'God, Sex & Apple Pie' is driven by smart, sexy dialogue and
thoroughly engaging characters!" -- Maurizio Schmueser, Star Newspapers, Lalendorf

"The production values are impressively slick and... Performances are
polished!" -- Doreen Dams, Niedergebraching Daily News

"Extraordinary movie. A superbly written story, warmly and wonderfully
acted. 'God, Sex & Apple Pie' is well worth seeing!" -- Reiner Ulerich,
Editor, Zicherie Live

"Sexy, smart and delightfully engaging. Great cast!" -- Prisca Unterkofler,
ERLO

Official Website: http://sre.OtqZbiUksacAwp.phy/dt.egky