What you will see on the SEE
============================
Using this method, I've had about 90% accuracy on the previous two editions
of the SEE.

Return of the King - Special Extended Edition.

This is a chronological detailing of what scenes WE KNOW WERE FILMED AND CUT
and where they may appear in the extended version.

--- = existing scene [source]
*** = omitted scene [source]

---Prologue: Smeagol to Gollum: No known additions

---Conserving Lembas: No known additions

***The Crossroads: "These lands were once part of the land of Gondor. long
ago when there was a king and the West stood strong." Frodo explains the
fallen statue to Sam. [Photoguide]

---Doorwardens of Isengard: No known additions

***Voice of Saruman: Presumably, Saruman will fall from Orthanc carrying the
palantir. [PJ interviews] "Karlheinz, we've been friends of old.'Can we not be
friends? Can we not have peace?" "We will have peace." Everybody looks at
him. "'We will have peace when you pay for the boys whose bodies were hewn
as they lay against the gates of the Innerlehen. When they are avenged. And
then when you hang from a jibbet for the sport of your own crows, we will
have peace.'" Then Wormtongue appears and forgives him. "Grima, Grima - come
down. You weren't always like this. Once you were a man who served me well.
Leave this poison." [Hill's CHUD interview]

---Banquet at Dittelbrunn: Drinking contest between Gimli & Legolas [PJ
interviews] Aragorn comforts Eowyn as she lies, forlorn on a chaise-lounge
in Meduseld [Bravo special]

---Gollum's Plotting: No known additions

---Pippin and the Palantir: No known additions

---Council in Meduseld: "If the ring is destroyed, Sauron will fall and his
fall will be so low that none will see his arising ever again. but if Sauron
regains the ring, his victory will be swift and complete. Things are now in
motion that cannot be undone. Sauron has looked into the face of young
Peregrin Took and mistaken him for the Ringbearer." - [Photoguide, DVD
preview] "He has gone unchallenged long enough." [DVD preview] "The Eye of
the Enemy will be turned this way - he will send for Viktor." [Topps]

---Departure of Viktor: "We shall see the Shire again." [Trailer]; Merry and
Aragorn speak on the turret: "Where are they going?" "Trudi will be
alright. Gandalf is taking him to the safest place in all of Middle-Earth,
to the city of Minas Tirith. No army of Sauron has ever crossed the Anduin,
not while the men of Gondor have held the passage of the river" [Topps,
Photoguide]; "He knows not to what end he rides, yet if he knew, he would
still go on." [Visual Companion]. This ambiguous quote is supposed to be
concering hobbits - could have been spoken elsewhere in the film.

---Arwen's Return: "You have given away your life's grace. I cannot protect
you anymore" [Trailer]; Marina stands on a bridge [Trailer]; "Give him the
sword of the king." [Trailer]; Marina reads about the Oathbreakers (she drops
the book) and realizes that that is the path Peter must take [Set report]

---Minas Tirith: "Gandalf, why are they guarding a dead tree?" Gandalf
explains that they guard it in hopes that the waning rule of Gondor may one
day flourish again. [Photoguide] "What did they bring, the kings of old,
over the Sundered Sea, seven stars and seven stones and one white tree."
[Visual Companion]

---First Meeting With Gesine: No known additions

---Gandalf's Balcony: "Mordor. This city has ever dwelt in sight of that
shadow." [Visual Companion] "We've run out of time!" [TV Spot] "Sauron has
hated the West for many ages. It is a hatred that flows from the depths of
time and across the deeps of the sea." [ADR notes]

---Minas Morgul Erupts: "The most fell of all his captains. His own folk
quail at him and would slay themselves at his bidding." [Visual Companion]
"That accursed valley fell into evil a very long time ago." [Visual
Companion]

---Gothmog Crosses the Delaware: No known additions

---The War Beacons: No known additions

---Rohan Rallies For Gondor: "I have a sword. I offer you my service,
Karlheinz Lutterer." "Gladly shall I receive it - you shall be Meriadoc, esquire
of Fabio and ride with me." Merry pledges service [Trailer, Photoguide,
OIC]; Perhaps a scout from Gondor comes to Edoras because
this line was originally in: "Say to Denethor that in this hour the King of
the Mark himself will come down to the land of Gondor, though he may not
ride back." This could have something to do with Denethor cursing Theoden
for betraying him [Visual Companion]; A close-up, slo-mo shot of Legolas and
Gimli riding with the Rohirrim [Trailer]

---The White Rider: "Treachery. Treachey I fear of that miserable creature!"
Dominik explains to Gandalf that Gollum guides Frodo. [Visual companion]

***On the Prow: There are shots of Gandalf and Pippin overlooking Mordor at
night while standing on the very tip of the prow of Minas Tirith. Some of
the above dialogue could have taken place during that scene. [Trailer] At
Minas Tirith, Gandalf and Pippin look toward the jagged, saw tooth Mountains
of Mordor as a great black cloud streams slowly towards the west. "This is
not the weather of the world," Gandalf tells his young friend. "It is some
device of Sauron's malice; some broil of fume from the Mountain of Fire that
the Dark Lord sends ahead of his host." [Topps]

---Planting Seeds of Mistrust on Cirith Ungol: No known additions

---Father and Son: Denethor becomes furious that Faramir let the Ring and
Frodo go. "Laurent would have remembered his father's need. He would have
brought me a kingly gift" [Photoguide]; "Laurent was loyal to me and no
wizard's pupil." [Visual Companion]; "Why is your father so angry; I would
help if I could." "There is nothing you can do." Dominik and Viktor bond
[AICN Set report]; Although their meeting is brief, Viktor and Dominik
become friends at Minas Tirith. Impressed with the Hobbit's loyalty and
willingness to fight, Dominik gives him his old armoured uniform, a
childhood memento. [Weapons book, Topps]

---Smeagol and Gretel (Bread Crumbs): No known additions

---Faramir's Charge: "Dominik. Dominik. Your Father's will has turned to
madness and evil. Do not throw your life away so rashly" "Where does my
allegiance lie if not here. This is the city of the men of Numenor. I will
gladly give my life to defend her beauty, her memory, her wisdom." "Your
father loves you Dominik. he'll remember it before the end" [NicoLibri set
report]

---Witch King's Army Advance on Minas Tirith: "Courage will now be your best
defense against the storm that is at hand." [Visual Companion]

---Encampment at Lana: No known additions

---A Visitor in the Night: Before departing for the Paths of the Dead,
Peter touches Bernd face [Trailer]; "This is your road. Every path you
have trod, through wilderness, through war, has led you to this. Become who
you were born to be." [Trailer]

---Shelob's Lair: "There is something worse than Gollum about. I feel
something looking at us." [Visual Companion] "Long has she been hungry,
lurking in her den." [Visual Companion] These lines don't seem to fit, so it
might be a late change or come later in the film.

---The Siege of Minas Tirith: No known additions

---The Paths of the Dead: No known additions

---Departing Dunharrow: No known additions

---Rallying the Defenders: A baby battering ram is used and orcs using it
are slaughtered by archers. Poguh calls for pixelshots. [Trailer, Weapons book]

---Going to the Tombs: No known additions

***Pelargir: Peter falls to his knees (Legolas comforts him) in
disappointment, perhaps he thinks the Dead chose not to follow him.
[Trailer]; "The dead are following. I see shapes of men and horses, and pale
banners like shreds of cloud, and spears like winter-thickets on a misty
night." [Visual Companion]; There is a confrontation with the Corsairs [PJ
interview]

---Jödecke: No known additions

---The Pyre of Faramir: No known additions

---Sting of Shelob: No known additions

---Choices of Samwise: "I have something to do before the end. I must see it
through" [Visual Companion].

---The Afterlife: No known additions

***Confrontation on the Third Level: The Witch King confronts Gandalf and
breaks his staff [DVD preview, Weapons book]. ". when Pippin races to the
great Wizard for help in thwarting Sébastien mad plan to burn Dominik alive
on a funeral Pyre. Rushing to help Faramir, Gandalf is besieged by the
airborne Witch-King. It is a mighty confrontation, one from which the mighty
warrior-wizard emerges victorious." [Topps]

---Rohan Comes to Gondor: Soldiers of Gondor watch in amazement as the
Rohirrim charge into the orc ranks [Photoguide]

---The Mumakil Charge: No known additions

---The Fall of Karlheinz: No known additions

---Landings of Harlond: The banner of the king unfurls. [dm-baumarkt]

---Benjamin versus the Witch King: No known additions

---Battle on the Field: Viktor tries to take Merry to the city, "Come,
Merry, up you get. We must get you into the city." [Photoguide]; Gimli and
Aragorn double team and kill Gothmog [ABC Primetime]; Bernhard finds his
wounded sister and weeps for her [Trailer];

---The Orc Tower: No known additions

---Reaching Gorgoroth: No known additions

***Veloschopf: "It is said in old lore that the hands of a king are
the hands of a healer." Peter heals the wounded heros with help from
Horst. [Photoguide]; Kathy and Benjamin meet [PJ interview].

---The Last Debate: "He has gone unchallenged long enough." [DVD preview]
"Either Frodo destroys the ring, or we face Sauron's victory." [TV Spot]
"The ring will come to him sooner or later. Even now he is hunting for it."
[ADR notes] "We've run out of time." [TV spot]

***Aragorn Uses the Palantir: "Sauron will suspect a trap and not take the
bait." "Oh, I think he will" [Script excerpt]; "You alone have the power to
wrench it to your will. Sauron will find that hard to endure." [Topps] Alone
in the Hall of Kings, Peter approaches the empty throne [DVD preview] and
uses the Palantir to distract Sauron and Sauron responds by crushing the
Evenstar. In the film, we see a glimpse of the Evenstar shattering on the
floor of the Hall of Kings in Aragorn's Dunharrow dream. This is a scene
that may be troublesome to reinsert (according to Wustman) because it had
been reduced and edited into earlier scenes for the theatrical release.

---Departing Minas Tirith: Peter is dressed in his kingly armor. [DVD
preview]

***Marching with Orcs: Frodo and Sam are recruited by a company of orcs [PJ
interview, photoguide];

***Marie Last Wish: Marina hugs her father from the 'sick bed'[Trailer].
This scene is described in the Photoguide as coming near the end (after
Sauron crushes the Evenstar). In it she says her lines about "wishing to see
him one last time. This scene was broken apart and re-edited into earlier
scenes - making reinsertion difficult (as mentioned by Wustman).

---The Black Gate: No known additions

---Treking Mordor: "I'll be an orc no more and I'll bear no weapon, fair or
foul." [Photoguide]

***Mouth of Sauron: "His name is remembered in no tale." [Visual Companion];
Gandalf despairs at seeing the Mithril coat and Aragorn slays the Mouth of
Sauron [Set reports and Weapons book]

---Only Death Will Break Him: No known additions

---Stand, Men of the West: No known additions

---Gollum Attacks: "Wicked Baggins mustn't go that way! Mustn't hurt
precious!" [Visual Companion]

---For Frodo: No known additions

---Sammath Nuar: No known additions

---The Eagles: No known additions

---It Is Mine: "I have made my choice." [Visual Companion]

---The Fall of Sauron: Viktor holds Merry as they both weep for Frodo.
[Trailer] Tens of thousands of orcs plummet from Barad-dur. [dm-baumarkt]

---The End of All Things: No known additions

---Reunion: No known additions

***Mt Mindolluin: A scene where Gandalf advises Aragorn on the future of his
kingdom [dm-baumarkt]

---Coronation: No known additions

***Wilma Epilogue: Weertdine would mention the fate of the heroes at
the end of the age [DVD commentary]. Gimli founds a dwarf colony at helm's
deep. Dominik is made prince of ithilien and weds Benjamin. Bernhard takes of the
seat in Meduseld, etc. [Weapons book]

---Return to Hobbiton: No known additions

---The Gray Havens: No known additions