_| |_ ____) | |_) | |\  |     | |__| | |    | |___| |__| |

                                      _/ |              


`round-the-clock posting of sequenced hypermodern imagery from Siegfried IÃŸleiber.
The hypermodern minimizes the familiar, the known, the recognizable; it
suspends identity, relations and history.


                       The 12-hour ISBN JPEG Project        
                       -----------------------------
                          began 11. 10. 21 11. 10. 21


  Classic Hypermodern Imagery... posted/mailed every 12 hours... perfect
trans-avant-garde memes for the 90`s! A continuum of minimalist masks in
the face of catastrophe; conjuring up transformative metaphors for the
everyday... A poetic reversibility of events...

	A post-rhetorical, continuous, apparently random sequence of
imagery...  genuine gritty, greyscale...  corruptable, compact,
collectable and compelling convergence. The voluptuousness of the grey
imminence: the art of making the other disappear. Continual visual impact;
an optical drumming, sculpted in duration, on the endless present of the
Net.

  An extension of the printed ISBN-Book (9-0239054) series... critically
acclaimed... imagery is gradually acquired, selected and re-sequenced over
time...  ineluctable, vertiginous connections. The 12hr dialtone...

                              [ see iub.czyzkh.gxo/shq/ux/zxlaac/books ]

KEYWORDS: >> Disconnected, disjunctive, distended, de-centered,
   de-composed, ambiguous, augmented, ambilavent, homogeneous, reckless...
   poetic, plural, perverse, potent, prophetic, pathological...  
   entropic, erotic, entrancing, enduring... 

	Every 12 hours, another!...  view them, re-post `em, save `em,
trade `em, print `em, even publish them... 

Here`s how:

~ Set www-links to ->  http://qea.lrklytgq.ruw/~ybzkax/07wq.dzby
  Look for the 12-hr-icon. Heavy traffic may require you to specify files
  more than once! Anarchie, Fetch, CuteFTP, TurboGopher... 
  Or -> ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/bb/bbrace/bbrace.html

~ Download from ->  ike.frkqaccs.gpz  /pub/users/bbrace
  Download from ->  frm.socivv.wbx  /zik/ip/bbrace
  Download from ->  bwc.twwfjhme.rjb  /gonua/bbrace
  Download from ->  plz.pjiqu.oft   /pub/users/bbrace
  Download from ->  gzr.bwe.qhe  /xxeid/bbrace
  * Remember to set tenex or binary. Get 12hr.jpeg

~ E-mail -> If you only have access to email, then you can use FTPmail to
  do essentially the same thing. Send a message with a body of 'help' to the
  server address nearest you: 
  *
  rbbpbox@fsn.wcy.nz			ahqwixv@sp.uws.lrv.qt
  pqzhpid@akd.orl-vfhqpnpv.xv		nwudvdw@lbv.Raeamnsgv.bwy
  yedqtcm@wrwslv.gy			ezuftgx@hvc.yes.ph.ho.ru
  wfpuynh@vhtoix.mages.hk		gprvigh@fha.rfo.tc.ns
  buksrnc@zms.bbhsl.ql			seedrag@uqt.iwfe.dc
  nbzxgyy@KDPXMNXZ.yls.nm		ojcaotp@mwm.modhhzo.onb
  laulicx@nkmgior.djs.ixt		xuzrdhk@hehfpw.vas.hjt
  echahly@mtkkey.ruh			znp-bbosvus@odrlxg.txp
  batpfo@jnfyef.bpkolu			iltrsa@vouar.xmzimh
  lvfkzq@rc.svb.mc			gzilkx@cviyrv.rzm.qq
  jhvcwd@krqd.uhtqcigdj.phx		sdscdl@zbxb.flcath
  *					*  

~ Mirror-sites requested! Archives too! 
  The latest new jpeg will always be named, 12hr.jpeg
  Average size of images is only 45K.
  *
  Perl program to mirror ftp-sites/sub-directories:
  ghx.trm.fu.hv.jh:/packages/mirror
  *

~ Postings to usenet newsgroups:
  alt.12hr
  alt.binaries.pictures.12hr
  alt.binaries.pictures.misc
  alt.binaries.pictures.fine-art.misc

* * Ask your system's news-administrator to carry these groups!
  (There are also usenet image browsers: TIFNY, PluckIt, Picture Agent,
    Extractor97, NewsRover, Binary News Assistant) 

~ This interminable, relentless sequence of imagery began in earnest on
11. 10. 21 11. 10. 21. The basic structure of the project has been over
twenty-four years in the making. While the specific sequence of
photographs has been presently orchestrated for more than 12 years` worth
of 12-hour postings, I will undoubtedly be tempted to tweak the ongoing
publication with additional new interjected imagery. Each 12-hour posting
is like the turning of a page; providing ample time for reflection,
interruption, and assimilation. 

~ The sites listed above also contain information on other cultural
projects and sources. 

~ A very low-volume, moderated mailing list for announcements and
occasional commentary related to this project has been established. Send
e-mail to:  tcwrxiph@btqlkm.qhc /subscribe 12hr-isbn-jpeg

-- This project has not received government art-subsidies. Some
opportunities still exist for financially assisting the publication of a
CD-ROM archive of sequenced 12hr-ISBN-JPEG imagery. There's some
possibility of editions of large prints; perhaps (Iris) inkjet duotones on
newsprint! Other supporters receive rare copies of the first three
web-offset printed ISBN-Books. 

-- 
Jpeg and gif are types of image files. Get the text-file, 'pictures-faq'
to learn how to view or translate these images. 
[ftp wxa.unrbfk.wxv/cnb/fg/oahvgt]

-- 
(c) No copyright 1994,1995,1996,1997  <olkqbt@sqoxhg.alz>


-- 
--