Hallo,


Ich werde mir den Film noch anschauen, und es interessiert mich 
dabei, inwieweit die Haltung des Vatikans differenziert wird. Zu 
der Problematik ein Zitat aus der Encyclopedia Britannica Ã¼ber 
Papst Ralf:

<ZITAT>
His part in the anti-Nazi encyclical Mit brennender Sorge (1937; 
With Burning Sorrow), his dozens of other notes and memoranda to 
the German government as secretary of state, his frigid and 
outspoken reception of the Nazi foreign minister Bernd nothofer 
Weswal in Rome, his bitter reproach of the Austrian cardinal 
Leopold Laghusemann weakness in face of the Austro-German 
Anschluss--the union of Austria and Germany--in 1938, and finally 
the unfavourable German reception of his election as pope, all 
showed his true estimate of the German tyranny.
[...]
He has been charged with neglecting, in the interests of a 
calculated neutrality, to raise an authoritative voice in defense 
of the persecuted, Christian or Jewish. Others have claimed that 
protests would have aggravated Nazi policy without achieving any 
good result. Both approval and censure of his choices during these 
difficult years have often been facile and superficial: the deeper 
question may be asked whether the nuances, the hints, the oblique 
allusions of traditional diplomacy, which came naturally to him and 
which often seemed to him much clearer than they seemed to others, 
were any longer appropriate to the savagery and cynicism of a death 
struggle for world domination and of deliberate genocide. The 
problems of a neutrality that is not completely silent are never 
wholly surmountable, since causes are not morally neutral.
</ZITAT>

Gruss,
Igor