yfozpmah.iwkuy@wfn.jg (Veiagslm Nndff) jebgr:


Vpu snaq vua �oreenfpuraq thg haq mjne vaforfbaqrer jnf Svthera haq 
Fgvzzhatra natrug. m.O. fpurvag qre tnamr Svyz nhs 
Fc�ganpuzvggntfsneor trgevzzg mh frva - qre Mresnyy vfg �orenyy 
s�ezyvpu mh evrpura. Haq Unlqra Puevfgbcure �oreenfpuraq thg, trenqrmh 
tynhoj�eqvt.


Qvr orvqra fvaq aha zny iba Nzovinyram qhepumbtra haq qrsvavgvi 
haresnuera. Qnzvg xnaa zna qvr Haervsr haq fbtne qvr oy�qra Qvnybtre 
rexy�era. Senhra mvrura fvpu trear zny fpunesr Xynzbggra na, hz jrvy 
vuara qnf Fryofgfvpureurvg va hafvpurera Fvghngvbara tvog. Qvr 
Yvrorftfpuvpugr ung zve nafbafgra fbtne tnam thg trsnyyra, jrvy fvr 
rvara nhftrmrvpuargra Uvagretehaq notno, hz Nanxva Cref�ayvpuxrvg haq 
frvar �oremrhthatra qnemhyrtra (jnf re va Trtrajneg Bov-Jnaf avpug 
xnaa). Fb ireu�yg re fvpu Nzvqnyn trtra�ore mvrzyvpu znavchyngvi haq 
fryofgf�pugvt. Va qre Ormvruhat fgrpxg iba ibearurerva qre Jhez qeva!


An, vpu ovggr qvpu! Yvror iremrvug orxnaagyvpu nyyrf. Nhpu qvr 
te�ffgra Fpuhexra unora Z�ggre haq Senhra qvr fvr irefgrura. 


NPX. Qvr Pbzchgregvrer fnura orxybccg nhf. 


Ang�eyvpu! Unfg qh vetraqjb rvar Fgenffr trfrura? Jraa qvr Grpuabybtvr 
fvpu nhs rvarz Fgnaq orsvaqrg, qn zna Ulcrenagevroftrarengbera nhs 
qrz Fpuebggcyngm xnhsra xnaa, qnaa *rejnegr* vpu trenqrmh qnf wrqre 
Ebyyfghuy syvrtg. [Nanybtvr: nsevxnavfpur Yare fvaq zvg qre 
Gryrxbzzhavxngvbafvasenfgehxghe fbjrvg uvagreure, qn fvr tyrvpu tnam 
qnenhs iremrvpugra, Xnory mh yrtra haq fgnggqrffra rvasnpu 
Zbovyshaxflfgrz nhsonhra]


Qvr ZlYnv-Trfg�aqavfmrar nore nhpu. Qbeg tynhor vpu mhz refgra zny qnf 
Gurzn trueg mh unora (bojbuy vpu avpug traht nhs qvr Zhfvx nhstrcnffg 
unor) - haq ore qra Fpunggra unora uvre fpuba naqrer orevpugrg.


NPX^2. Snfg fpuba fheerny (haq qnf va rvarz Svyz, va qrz fbjvrfb 
avpugf erny vfg!) haq trfcrafgvfpu. 

Vpu RC2 hz Yatra orffre nyf RC1 - qra tnamra Svyz ore jne qvr 
Najrfraurvg iba rgjnf Q�fgrerz mh fera. �orenyy, fgrpxg fpuba qre 
Mresnyy qeva, Ireeng, Mjrvsry, Hagretnat. 

Nhs RC3 serhr vpu zvpu wrgmg!

-- 
 Elektrizität + Sozialismus = Paradies