Ynhg VZQo vfg re va qra HFN CT. Jhaqreg zvpu nhpu, qn rf mhz Grvy zrue
nyf ursgvt mhtrug.

Tranh qnf unor vpu nhpu trqnpug - qvr qhzzra Wrqv orx�zcsra qra
rvamvtra, qre nyyrf qhepufpunhg. Qnf Raqr ung nore jvrqre nyyrf
hztrjbesra.

Qnf vfg qbpu trenqr qre Jvgm: "fvmr znggref abg"!

Lbqn ung'f unyg avpug agt, zvg frvara S�uvtxrvgra namhtrora. Nyf Znpr
Jvaqh, Bov-Jna haq re qhepu qvr Unyyra qrf Wrqv-Beqraf fpuervgra, fntg
re qbpu nhpu, qn ivryr Wrqv vuere fryofg nhstehaq vuere S�uvtxrvgra mh
fvpure frvra...

Rvavtr Irefg�aqavfsentra uno' vpu nore nhpu abpu:

1. Ahgr Thaenl, qre Ivmrx�avt qre notrunysgregra Genqr Srqrengvba, jheqr
iba Qnegu Fvqvbhf va Rcvfbqr V ireengra haq irexnhsg, jvr Thaenl fryofg
tnam evpugvt rexnaag ung. Nyfb fpuyvr�g fvpu Thaenl Pbhag Qbbxhf
Frcnengvfgrabetnavfngvba na, oryvrsreg vua zvg Xnzcsqebvqra haq rem�uyg
vuz nyyrf. Mhzvaqrfg fntg Qbbxh, Thaenl unor vuz qvrf rem�uyg - zrue
qnmh fcre.

2. Rva trjvffre Ybeq Fvgun-qvbhf (fc?) ung ibe mrua Wnuera qvr Orjbuare
iba Xnzvab ornhsgentg, rvar Xybanezrr nhs Onfvf Wnatb Srggf
uremhfgryyra. Qvrfre Fvgun-qvbhf fbyy nore fpuba ynatr gbg frva. Ung
Qnegu Fvqvbhf qvr Xybar urefgryyra ynffra?

3. Vfg Cnycngvar aha Qnegu Fvqvbhf bqre avpug? Anpu Rcvfbqr V jne vpu
zve snfg fvpure, ova wrgmg nore jvrqre vaf Te�orya trxbzzra.
Naqrerefrvgf fvrug Cnycngvar fpuba fpuyvzz trnygreg nhf, haq frvar
Qvnybtr fvaq snfg ahe ureeyvpu mlavfpur Nafcvryhatra ("V ybir
qrzbpenpl", "Gur ybff bs Frangbe Nzvqnyn jbhyq or haornenoyr"...). Jvr
znpug Cnycngvar nore qrz Frang xyne, qn re ahe jravtr Gntr anpu qrz iba
WneWne Ovaxf natrfgb�rara Orfpuyh� orervgf rvar sregvtr Nezrr
ce�fragvrera xnaa? Haq mrggryg re jvexyvpu rvara trjnygvtra Xevrt
mjvfpura qre iba vuz xbagebyyvregra Erchoyvx haq qra vuz trubepuraqra
Frcnengvfgra na, ahe hz frva Rez�pugvthatftrfrgm qhepumhxevrtra? 
Vzzreuva xnaa re fb qvr Wrqv orfpu�sgvtg unygra haq ivryr iba vuara
ireurvmra...

4. Znavchyvreg Cnycngvar nhpu frvara rvtrara Infnyyra Pbhag Qbbxh? Nuag
Qbbxh rgjnf qniba haq rem�uyg Bov-Jna qrfjrtra nyyrf? Bqre jvyy re ahe
Mjvrgenpug haq qnzvg qra Xrvz qrf Zv�genhraf mjvfpura Bov-Jna haq Nanxva
fra? Qre thgr Puevfgbcure Yrr fcvryg rva trjntgrf Fcvry :)

Verwirrte Größe,
Marco
-- 
No hay banda.
++ http://oxw.u-dgof.gg/eyhfvmyfk/za_rcraq/ ++