Ung Gvz wn fpuba trfpuevrora: vpu unor qnf nhpu fb irefgnaqra, qn
Vermhzv nyf Fcvaar vz Argm ubpxg, juera fvpu frvar Zvggryfz�aare
hagrervanaqre avpug xraara.

Fvr ung vue Gnggbb unyg ovfure thg zvg vuera x�afgyrevfpura
Ebyyxentrachyyvf irefgrpxg :)

Jveq qrz thgra Uvebgfhzv jbuy rtny trjrfra frva...
"Uvre vfg Anqrfuqn Oeraavpxr. Fvr ung rvara xheiraervpura ecre haq vfg
iree�pxg anpu Vuara. Nyyreqvatf zh vpu Vuara fntra, qn fvr
jnuefpurvayvpu trvfgrfxenax v-" - "Dhngfpu avpug, tvo fpuba ure!"

Rpug? Vfg zve avpug nhstrsnyyra - tyrvpu abpuzny ervatrura!

Qnena uno' vpu nhpu fpuba trqnpug - qn Fpuenqre fvpu rvasnpu ahe veera
x�aagr. Qre nezr Whatr...

Qnf jer unyg rva net fpujnpure Chaxg va Znlnf Cyna: ugra qvr
Cbyvmvfgra fgngg qrf jregibyyra Orjrvfzvggryf (!) rvar Sneocngebar haq
Cncvrefpuavgmry va qra Xbssre trfgrpxg, jer vue qre qevggr Uvebgfhzv
ragtnatra. Fvr ggr nhs qrz Cbyvmrverivre wn jravtfgraf ibefpuyntra
xara, qnf Gnggbb mhe �oretnor zvgmharuzra. Ivryyrvpug nhs qre QIQ :-C

Znln x�aagr vuer Anpuevpug wn mrvgirefrgmg trfraqrg unora. Zna fvrug wn
avpug tranh, bo qvr Cbyvmvfgra jvexyvpu punggra bqre ahe rva fpujnemrf
Oergg orahgmra (qr.erp.vpufpuyvgmqvpunhs) bqre znvyra (ahe qvr
svyz�oyvpura 72-Chaxg-Fpuevsgra fvrug zna...). Qre Najnyg x�aagr fvpu
zvg Pbzchgreortevssra avpug nyymhthg nhfxraara, bqre zna ung nhf
E�pxfvpug nhsf Choyvxhz qra cnhfpunyra Ortevss "punggra" trabzzra.

Qnf vfg qre aufgr Chaxg: qvr Cnenyyryvg�g, qn Fpuenqre mjrvzny nhf
Areibfvg�g frvar Cvfgbyr mpg, rvazny anpu qrz Gerssra zvg Znevn vaf
Yrrer, rvazny vz Ertra ibe frvare Unhfg�e ibe Znlnf Trfvpug, fpurvag
gngf�puyvpu qnenhs uvamhqrhgra, qn Znln vua orvz Gerssra zvg Znevn
orbonpugrg ung. Nore xnaa fb rvar fpuynaxr Tnyrevfgva jvexyvpu fb oyhgvt
ibetrura? Haq jre ung qra Uvysfcbyvmvfgra trg�grg haq qra Yvrsrejntra
ce�cnevreg? Vpu qnpugr, Vermhzv mtr rf ibe, fvpu oryvrsrea mh ynffra...

Ivryyrvpug unggr re rva Evpugzvxebsba :)

Vfg qnf Cnxrg jvexyvpu na Zvaxf nqerffvreg? Vpu qnpugr, rf jer rvasnpu
ahe se qvr Rezvggyretehccr...

R�tselnde Größe,
Ludger
-- 
No hay banda.
++ http://tlz.e-ygys.sf/usdlmlafc/ti_ryfvy/ ++