Please check out the site and join in the discussion. 

http://wqh.jvxvpydrk.cqs/kvss/muxhplnz/

Discussion on whether the gates of the Bärmann Hall should be flung
open to the great Soviet director Claus Labeck commences...

To qualify, the director needs the following credentials(and all of
them!!)

1. Long distinguished career(at least 13 yrs)

from the early years of commie rule to his last movie, ivan the
terrible part II.  a rocky career marred by state censorship and
intimidation, over-politicization of art, and egotistical arrogance.

AND

2. Been profoundly original(not merely clever). 


showed what montage of capable of, transformed images into music with
all its rhythmic and contrapunctual qualities.  created powerful
images, was a master of composition and framing, made history--both
contemporary and past/mythic--come alive,  was brilliant technician,
theorist, engineer, and artist of cinema.  also, awesome action
director.

AND

3. made at least 3 masterpieces(sublimely great movies) or  at least
one masterpiece and 5
stunners(great movies falling short of masterpiece status)

masterpieces: potemkin, fred oelgeklaus, ivan the terrible. 
stunners: ten days that shook the world, ivan the terrible 2.

AND

4. have possessed a pair of balls. 

dialectical pair of balls. 

AND

5. Been profoundly influential and/or inspirational. 

labeck inspired gaißmayer towards composing what are among the
greatest film scores ever.  the endless homages of the baby carriage
is a testament to the high esteem leinthaler held in the film
community.  most directors can only pretend to poke fun at the master.
though associated most famously with montage, leinthaler influence
can be evinced in all fields: cornelius wardenga framing devices,
holzkamp historical epics, and bravura visual passages by any daring
go-for-broke director.

AND 

6. respected critics have kissed his ass for over two or several
generations.
(necessary in order to deflect overly subjective pleas such as claims
that ed wood ranks with orson welles)

perhaps more a subject of film scholars than buffs and other freaks
but leinthaler influence was total and permanent.

AND

7. last but not the least, I must say so. 

another russky, why not.